{"id": "YDukypEU-ZM", "title": "Living with Acromegaly, a Rare Hormonal Disorder: Froggy\u2019s Personal Story", "views": "72017", "date_published": "2014-10-08", "description": "In this video testimonial, Froggy, popular radio host of the Elvis Duran and the Morning Show, shares his personal experiences living with acromegaly, a rare hormonal disorder.   For additional information, visit http://www.acromegalyinfo.com in the U.S. or http://www.aboutacromegaly.com outside of the U.S.", "tags": ["Novartis", "\u201cNovartis YouTube\u201d", "\u201cNovartis AG\u201d", "pituitary", "\u201cpituitary disorder\u201d", "acromegaly", "\u201cacromegaly diagnosis\u201d", "\u201cacromegaly symptoms\u201d", "\u201cStraight Talk Acromegaly\u201d", "Froggy", "\u201cElvis Duran and the Morning Show\u201d", "\u201cpatient stories\u201d", "\u201cendocrine disorder\u201d", "\u201cpituitary tumor\u201d", "\u201crare disease\u201d", "GH", "IGF-1", "\u201cgrowth hormone\u201d", "\u201cinsulin-like growth factor-1\u201d"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "504", "channel": {"name": "Novartis", "chanenelID": "UCSg28bDoEVjVegY4-htQM7A", "subscribers": "31400"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 300.0, "keyword": "ACROMEGALY", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "cnPVlqPl51I", "title": "Kensington woman shares her story as Acromegaly Awareness Day draws near", "views": "1788", "date_published": "2019-10-26", "description": "Kensington woman shares her story as Acromegaly Awareness Day draws near", "tags": ["local-news", "youngstown", "Ohio"], "comments": "it also reminds me of goliath in the bible", "likes": "18", "channel": {"name": "WKBN27", "chanenelID": "UCTbhS5-KTEKzBh-eqeU5vAw", "subscribers": "41700"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 145.0, "keyword": "ACROMEGALY", "rank": 25, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "BWB-DjoNtcc", "title": "Sleep Apnea: Causes, Symptoms, Tests & Treatments", "views": "2864", "date_published": "2021-04-22", "description": "To learn more about sleep apnea, please visit https://cle.clinic/3tCYsi5  Sleep specialist Andres Endara Bravo, MD, explains the causes, symptoms, tests and treatments for sleep apnea.  \u25b6Share this video with others: https://youtu.be/BWB-DjoNtcc  \u25b6Subscribe to learn more about Cleveland Clinic: https://www.youtube.com/user/ClevelandClinic?sub_confirmation=1", "tags": ["cleveland clinic indian river", "indian river hospital doctor", "cleveland clinic florida", "cleveland clinic", "cleveland clinic indian river hospital", "andres endara bravo cleveland clinic", "dr. andres endara bravo", "sleep apnea", "what is sleep apnea", "sleep apnea treatment", "sleep apnea test", "sleep apnea symptoms", "sleep apnea snoring", "sleep apnea treatment options", "sleep disorder", "sleep apnea diagnosis", "sleep apnea causes", "sleep apnea explained"], "comments": "the doctor looks like zelenskys twin brother", "likes": "26", "channel": {"name": "Cleveland Clinic", "chanenelID": "UCxyiSz4m161Z6frOsFxJpgw", "subscribers": "367000"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 99.0, "keyword": "Apnea", "rank": 11, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "j8ZWCZvte_E", "title": "What parents need to know about sleep apnea in children", "views": "42217", "date_published": "2017-09-14", "description": "A doctor discusses the potential dangers of the sleep problem for children and what symptoms should raise red flags for parents.", "tags": ["sleep", "apnea", "children", "doctor", "dangers", "snoring", "kids", "health"], "comments": "what do you mean common in newborn! it's never crossed my mind but i am damn new positive that my new born has it. i just stare him when he sleeps! something ain't right breaks my heart what god can not do doesn't exist because i have suffer from herpes virus diesease with out any improvement of drugs from the hospital.until i decided to use herbal remedy from doctor ehimare on youtube channel that cure me from this disease after the usage .god bless you very much #drehimare on youtube channel. it is my greatest joy that i discovered about dr madida whom by his herbalist service cured my herpes virus and candidiasis with his herbal medicine. i am right here try to search because my baby 13 months old have this tomorrow i am so desperate because i dont know about anything she is a miracle baby thanks god we noticed on time 4 icu visits all the time they said is reflux or allergies my baby died in my hands dont lie the ent check her and the said the the surgery dont gonna help all her breathing issues so what thd next? just i want my baby ok i am worried this is glorious, i have been researching \"discover the natural cure for sleep apnea\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. ever heard of - letochy fast apnea plan - (search on google ) ? it is a good one off product for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea without the hard work. ive heard some interesting things about it and my partner got great success with it. cheers for this, i been tryin to find out about \"what happens if you don't clean your cpap machine?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you ever come across - letochy fast apnea plan - (do a google search ) ? it is a smashing exclusive guide for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea without the hard work. ive heard some super things about it and my cousin got great success with it. https://www.nirogdarpan.in/pregnancy-parenting/children-sleeping-with-parents-is-it-healthy/ what is with all the anti vaxers primary care doctors always think everything is allergies. always push to see a specialist, no matter what the issue is. @gamedevftw thank u so much god bless u @aileen laureano that sounds so hard and scary. hugs to you for being so strong and looking out for your kiddo, praying you get some answers! it seems so hard to figure anything out with the little ones, i wish they could tell us what's going on. it's so exhausting being a full time medical advocate for them, i hope you can get some support and help through this time, take care of yourself! @gamedevftw completely bad the put her in restrictions tablet to put all the things in her head and chest she crying like crazy all the time and they want her sleep but she refused because she was so scared she sleep in my chest all night she woke up every 30 minutes just for cry dont drink her milk nothing just cry they come around 5 am and said she is good to go we leave but they said i have to wait 5 or 10 days to the results i just pray everything come fine and she dont have any brain damage thanks for ask @aileen laureano how'd the sleep study go? i feel u we have to call the ambulance 4 times and shr ended in icu they said is was reflux but she never puke and nothing like reflux i star recorded her while she sleeping and she stop dont lie about 6 times that night she jump jumps because her breathing stop we see a ent and they said the surgery for adenoids dont gonna help her she still have her atrophy adenoids and tomorrow her sleep study i am so freaked out i dont know what to expect my baby was born at 7 months he was 2 months in the nicu horrible times. however, i took him home 3 weeks later he stopped breathing at the middle of the night he turned blue. after a week of so many studies doctor's told me he have obstructive sleeping apnea due to laryngomalacia. he went home with oxygen. now he's 1 year old still using oxygen during the night. we are at the hospital right now he's having a sleeping study. i am praying and have faith they'll would give me good news. nevertheless, it is very hard to see your baby stopping from breathing. i basically, sleep for 3 or 5 hours the most. i monitor my baby while he sleeps. i hope this may help those who are going through the same issues. have faith on god and be patient and please love and take care of those little ones. god bless! hospital calls me saying that they can only see my 1 year old for his appointments through video call!! like reallyy???? @dog got clout\nmy baby its fine now. god is good! he will be fine. thank you for your kind heart. you willbe fine too i have faith. you are young and hopefully you won't have apnea. denisse m. i am 14 and thank you i will be praying for your son @dog got clout\nhow old are you?\ni'll be praying for you, i hope you don't have apnea, but thanks god that you'll be going to the doctor. i hope you have great news. i might have what your son has we are going to go to the doctor. what happens to me well what we thinks is i have a hard time breathing at night and it makes my heart race really fast so we are going to the doctor to see what is happening. some kids may not like caroon carictors on cpap mask i don't like caroon carictors either xd vaccines do not cause snoring or sleep apnea. give me a break hey ,if anyone else is searching for baby r us co sleeper try calmer fixer blueprint (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now ) ? ive heard some amazing things about it and my work buddy got cool results with it. i'm utilizing cpap. i tried various other methods, even yoga! until my buddy told me the great effects of this sleep apnea treatment method \"amam fetching site\" (google it). i started a routine of 8 exercises. after doing the physical exercise 4 times a day, i see the variation from before and now. . why,don't people stop having kids ,they're fucking monsters , sidney butts !?!! i fucking hate kids , vaccines an also cause this. stop blaming vaccines for things they do not cause. vaccines actually save lives. my son had sleep apnea before he was vaccinated can you explain more? my baby(6 month old) was diagnosed with this. nice video content! forgive me for butting in, i am interested in your thoughts. have you tried - letochy fast apnea plan (probably on google)? it is a great one off product for curing your sleep apnea without the normal expense. ive heard some awesome things about it and my close friend aubrey got amazing results with it. dam golovkin done grew his hair out", "likes": "228", "channel": {"name": "Good Morning America", "chanenelID": "UCH1oRy1dINbMVp3UFWrKP0w", "subscribers": "4140000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 322.0, "keyword": "Apnea", "rank": 24, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "iZiQ1__mr2s", "title": "EMT Bag-Valve-Mask Apneic Patient", "views": "1185", "date_published": "2018-11-28", "description": "Courtesy of, and used with permission- Susquehanna Regional E.M.S. Program. Thank you for your wonderful work!", "tags": ["EMT", "BVM", "Bag-Valve-Mask", "Bag Valve Mask", "Apneic"], "comments": "", "likes": "16", "channel": {"name": "Nassau County Fire-Police EMS Academy", "chanenelID": "UCR1G24wdjc_aX3RUYVnbQSg", "subscribers": "314"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 172.0, "keyword": "Apneic", "rank": 22, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "btCmXwhTLLc", "title": "NREMT BVM of an Apneic Adult Patient: Firefighter EMT Guide (PASS THE EXAM)", "views": "1284", "date_published": "2018-09-01", "description": "\ud83d\udea8FREE PROGRAM: https://courses.firefighterambitions.com/courses/how-to-become-a-firefighter \ud83d\udea8\ud83d\udd25BECOME A FIREFIGHTER PROGRAM\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udea8https://courses.firefighterambitions.com/courses/becoming-a-firefighter-program \u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796 \ud83d\udc68\u200d\ud83d\udc69\u200d\ud83d\udc67\u200d\ud83d\udc66JOIN THE FREE FIREFIGHTER CANDIDATE FACEBOOK GROUP\ud83d\udc68\u200d\ud83d\udc69\u200d\ud83d\udc67\u200d\ud83d\udc66 https://www.facebook.com/groups/431225934090585/members/ \u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796\u2796  Learn how to complete BVM ventilation of an apneic adult patient skill step-by-step (NREMT):   NREMT BVM VENTILATION OF AN APNEIC ADULT PATIENT PROCEDURE:  1. Takes or verbalizes appropriate PPE precautions  2. Checks responsiveness  3. Requests additional EMS assistance  4. Checks breathing and pulse simultaneously  5. Opens airway properly 6. Prepares rigid suction catheter  7. Turns on power to suction device or retrieves manual suction device  8. Inserts rigid suction catheter without applying suction  9. Suctions the mouth and oropharynx  10. Opens the airway manually  11. Inserts oropharyngeal airway  12. Opens the airway manually  13. Inserts oropharyngeal airway  14. Re-checks pulse for no more than 10 seconds  15. Attaches the BVM assembly [mask, bag, reservoir] to oxygen [15 L/minute]  16. Ventilates the patient adequately  a. Proper volume to cause visible chest rise (1 point)  b. Proper rate [10 \u2013 12/minute (1 ventilation every 5 \u2013 6 seconds)] (1 point)  Critical Criteria: - After suctioning the patient, failure to initiate ventilations within 30 seconds or interrupts ventilations for greater than 30 seconds at any time  - Failure to take or verbalize appropriate PPE precautions  - Failure to suction airway before ventilating the patient  - Suctions the patient for an excessive and prolonged time  - Failure to check responsiveness, then check breathing and pulse simultaneously for no more than 10 seconds  - Failure to voice and ultimately provide high oxygen concentration [at least 85%] - Failure to ventilate the patient at a rate of 10 \u2013 12/minute (1 ventilation every 5 \u2013 6 seconds)  - Failure to provide adequate volumes per breath [maximum 2 errors/minute permissible]  - Insertion or use of any adjunct in a manner dangerous to the patient  - Failure to manage the patient as a competent EMT  - Exhibits unacceptable affect with patient or other personnel  - Uses or orders a dangerous or inappropriate intervention  Follow our guide, train hard, and allow our family here at firefighter ambitions help you and your family reach your goal of becoming a firefighter.  GOOD LUCK FUTURE FIREFIGHTER!    \ud83d\ude92\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\ude92\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\ude92\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\ude92\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\ude92\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\ude92\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\ude92\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\ude92  \ud83d\udcbbVISIT: https://firefighterambitions.com \ud83d\udcbb   \ud83d\udde3CONTACT ME \ud83d\udde3 \ud83d\udce9Email: mwilliams@firefighterambitions.com \ud83d\udce9Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/ffambitions/ \ud83d\udce9Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ffambitions/   #EMT #NREMT #BVM", "tags": ["Firefighter Ambitions", "how to become a firefighter", "markell williams", "firefighter written exam", "firefighter requirements", "firefighter", "firefighter jobs", "firefighter qualifications", "firefighter career", "EMT", "EMS", "NREMT", "BVM ventilation", "national registry emt", "emergency medical technician", "emts", "becoming an emt", "emt programs", "firefighter emt", "Bag valve mask", "BVM"], "comments": "", "likes": "25", "channel": {"name": "Firefighter Ambitions", "chanenelID": "UCcUYGRbuzPQlOpwyhrAHshQ", "subscribers": "7280"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 148.0, "keyword": "Apneic", "rank": 14, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "I253ndqR8aM", "title": "ResMed AirSense 10 AutoSet CPAP Machine Features and Tutorial", "views": "241534", "date_published": "2014-09-15", "description": "This is an unboxing video for ResMed Airsense 10 AutoSet CPAP machine. We unpack and describe all the accessories that you receive when you buy an AirSense 10 AutoSet. The device comes in a nice travel bag with a shoulder strap. We\u2019ll unveil the AirSense 10 AutoSet, water chamber, 90-watt power supply, and a 6-foot SlimLine CPAP tubing which is compatible with all masks.   ResMed AirSense 10 is a premium auto-adjusting device for comfortably treating sleep apnea with pressure settings that automatically adjust. By automatically adjusting the pressure levels it\u2019s easier to fall asleep and get a good night\u2019s sleep.     If you want to learn about all the features this device offers, best use practices and review all the device components, then watch the complete video.   Purchase this premium CPAP machine from an authorized CPAP equipment dealer, The CPAP Shop at https://www.thecpapshop.com/airsense-10-autoset-cpap-machine  We also offer ResMed AirSense 10 AutoSet All-In Machine Bundle https://www.thecpapshop.com/resmed-airsense10-auto-all-in-bundle      If you are looking for any assistance regarding this product or any other CPAP equipment you can call us at 1-866-414-9700 or visit our online portal at https://www.thecpapshop.com/contact-us", "tags": ["resmed airsense 10 autoset features", "resmed airsense 10 autoset unboxing", "resmed airsense 10 autoset overview", "resmed airsense 10 autoset tutorial", "resmed airsense 10 autoset", "airsense 10 autoset features", "airsense 10 autoset unboxing", "airsense 10 autoset overview", "airsense 10 autoset tutorial", "resmed airsense 10 autoset cpap with humidair", "resmed airsense 10 autoset CPAP machine", "resmed airsense CPAP machine", "airsense 10 autoset CPAP machine", "resmed airsense 10 CPAP machine"], "comments": "medicare sent me the black one. i am female, which replaced my 7 yrs old s9. always use heated tubing, just experienced huge rainout, perhaps i filled the reservoir too full, but it was very weird, heard the water coming up the tube, but it sounded like tube was dragging on something, i didnt know how it could, i use a hanging pole, so the water climbed up 3 feet and over and fell down into nasal cup, soaking me. luckily i was not asleep. the difference with the airsense10 for her is that the algorithm is a bit more shallow to accommodate a female's breathing pattern. the airsense10 you have will be able to provide you the therapy. to prevent the rainout you are experiencing you can incorporate the heated tube for that machine. https://www.thecpapshop.com/resmed-climateline-air-heated-tubing-airsense-10-series i have the coloured one,, do they all have a water chamber,, cant find mine? the resmed airsense10 cpap machine has a built i-n humidifier on the side of the machine", "likes": "693", "channel": {"name": "The CPAP Shop", "chanenelID": "UCQKBvO52RnHmZS67ih2w5Bw", "subscribers": "9720"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 313.0, "keyword": "CPAP machine", "rank": 17, "consine similarity": 0.14586499149789456}
{"id": "cmNf_EILBd8", "title": "Best CPAP Machines of 2022", "views": "34220", "date_published": "2021-12-16", "description": "While we have previously mentioned that the best brand of CPAP differs from person to person, we can still offer recommendations! In this episode, we go over our 5 favorite CPAP machines set to dominate 2022. We use the experience of our team\u2019s experts as well as a strict set of metrics to determine the best overall machines of the year!  We consider factors such as quality, ease of use, patient satisfaction, and cost to refine our list, which includes favorites from ResMed, Breas, and 3B!  Best Machines of 2022:  ResVent iBreeze: https://sleeplay.com/products/ibreeze-auto-adjusting-cpap-with-heated-humidifier ResMed AirMini: https://sleeplay.com/products/airmini-autoset Breas Z2: https://sleeplay.com/products/z2-auto-ultra-small-travel-auto-cpap 3B Luna G3: https://sleeplay.com/products/3b-medical-luna-g3-cpap-machine-with-heated-humidifier    ResMed AirSense 10: https://sleeplay.com/products/airsense-10-autoset-with-humidair  Chapters: 00:00 Intro 01:03 Resvent iBreeze 02:06 ResMed AirMini 03:32 Breas Z2 04:10 3B Medical Luna G3 04:38 ResMed AirSense 10  Shop Online:  Our Store: https://sleeplay.com CPAP Machines: https://sleeplay.com/collections/cpap-machines CPAP Masks: https://sleeplay.com/collections/cpap-masks CPAP Cleaning: https://sleeplay.com/collections/cpap-cleaning CPAP Supplies: https://sleeplay.com/collections/cpap-supplies Oxygen Therapy: https://sleeplay.com/collections/oxygen-therapy  Go Social: Facebook: https://facebook.com/sleeplayground Instagram: https://instagram.com/sleeplayground Twitter: https://twitter.com/sleeplayground  TikTok: https://tiktok.com/@sleeplayground  Become an Affiliate: https://sleeplay.refersion.com/affiliate/registration  Free Consultation: https://calendly.com/sleeplay/respiratory-therapist-consultation", "tags": ["CPAP", "CPAP Reviews", "Sleep Apnea", "Sleep Health"], "comments": "awesome! the best and most informational video on cpaps i have found. thank you so much! you need to go to a dr to learn how to control your hands movements the hand jive is irritating thank you for this list of best cpap machines for 2022. gangsta review we are glad you enjoyed it. the ibreeze 20a is a great device, a lot of providers are setting it up incorrectly. the default setting for the hose is 15mm, but the default hose that comes with the ibreeze is 19mm. this incorrect setting will make the machine loud, fight mask leaks, and sporadic pressure issues. hello,\nthank you so much for the information! we will be sure to avoid making this mistake. thank you so much. this is exactly what i needed. and i love your style of presentation. you are so welcome! this guy needs to tape his hands to his waste all i saw was hand waving what about the resmed . i liked your response on the models dude...good info...but...put your hands in your pockets! working on it! * * the cpap machine that use water is very dangerous, you will get cancer by the mold ..right now there are a lot of people with cancer and others died, because the mold get the machine inside and go inside the lungs...there are a lot of law suit against some companies that makes the cpap machine that use water.. be careful ** you move your hands way to much, i can't even watch you thank you for your feedback. his mouth is talking about cpaps, but his hands are in rap mode. than you for sharing thank you for watching. thanks for the info any time! i have the ibreeze and it's very smart . the only thing i don't like is no heated hose hook up. the app is only for the uk . hello,\nyes that is unfortunate but hopefully, they will have a heated hose hook up soon stop crap and bullshit\ni want the prices only , you really need this cpap machine or you will die ....it's been recalled you should stop using it till we send a replacement ...\nbeen 2 years now ...not dead still waiting :( dude must be lit at fruit ninja though with them hands he cooks it up in the kitchen. stop with the hands... but good video thanks thanks for watching. stop with the hands man please we will let the team know. haha. all good but i want to see these being used. the problem is what apparatus do you have to wear on your head/face. give info this is my concern, too. hi! please explore our youtube channel for cpap mask videos and tips. cpap masks are universal no matter which machine you get (asides from the resmed airmini). i have the resmed aircurve 10, which is the bipap version of the airsense 10. great machine - it runs quiet and i love being able to look at the app to verify how therapy is going. the airsense line of machines are great. we are glad you are enjoying your bipap machine. unfortunately the va will not prescribe anything but the dream station and dream station 2 for cpap machines even though they are in question and most likely terrible @kratos997 not really wrong considering every va is run by different people. and i already had this conversation with them multiple times. same answer every time. \"if all you need is cpap then it's the dream station, bipap and the other types get something different. wrong. the v.a. prescribed me the resmed 10 autoset with the wisp mask and humidifier tubing. calm down on those hand movements. @letsplaygaming we understand it was a joke but thank you for clarifying. @sleeplay ok frodo, we only see you so that is why you're being asked to chilax, with them hands. either way was a joke, i'm sure you're fun at parties. @letsplaygaming by we, we mean the company. please keep in mind that some people have subconscience movements when talking whether that be hand motions or fidgeting. @sleeplay we? it's just you doing it man wth. i could care a less about tracking data. if it's there great, but i want a built in alarm clock and a usb port for charging my phone at night. i hate having all these things piled up on my nightstand. are these people clueless or is it just me? the ibreeze 20a has a built in alarm clock, but no charging port. as for data insurance, providers and doctors need it. once you have met the compliance obligation only the doctor will need it if you have new issues. i use the ibreeze imatrix software, i can generate a pdf report and send it to my doctor as needed. not all machines have wifi or celluar connections. there needs to be some kind of standard in the cpap industry for users to send their data easily from any device they use. brian - if medicare buys your machine, you're obligated to use it at least 4 hours a night, so usage has to be tracked. my provider also likes to check on sleep quality, so i track that using a cell app and let them know if things are going poorly. like you, i suffer from night table overload, and wouldn't mind a clock display in the lcd screen of my airsense 11 and a usb port. how hard could that be? i have the new resumed 11 it's awesome cpap machine very good excellent machine! great video - the hand movement is extremely distracting though. i like it. what is he,a boxer if someone is nitpicking your hand movement, they sure must be miserable, to come to a site and point out negativity rather than positivity shows the miserable life and person you are, this world is sad enough the last thing we need are people pointing out someone's natural communication skill. those that use a lot of hand motion are proven to be more intelligent, higher iq and better at delivering their message or idea... do your research before belittling others... many cultures communicate differently so do those cultures deserve your pathetic criticism, for example many native americans in my region don't maintain eye contact as it is respectful to do so, does that make them inconsiderate or 'wrong'.. to you.. .yes.. but with such a small mind.. this comment wont even be understood. the video is amazing for people looking for the information. many people just push play and listen not stare and take apart a video that is being done to help others. i think it was mad helpful and the hand movement, it's just your style fam! do you\nblessings n1.fisher&paykel sleep style auto cpap.the best in the world! we'll have to look into it! there is never a cpap with a large enough humidifier to last your sleep cycle.\nfrustrating but these issues are never addressed by them.\nit's not rocket science to attach a larger humidifier chamber especially on resmed products. hello,\nyou may want to turn the humidity level down. i get two nights out of the resmed air sense 10 on setting 4 i have resmed airsense 11 autoset and water in humidifier lasts for aprox 14hr of continues usage (7hr/night for 2 nights) how about airsense 11? i have used it since october of 2021 and i like it. before that i use the three b medical luna and i didn't like that one as much plus the settings are very different as far as what your average 95% pressure reading is at @sleeplay you could of mentioned it though, just ignoring it seemed a bit off my man. as much as we are excited for the airsense 11, it is still too early to tell! most important with the air mini, is that despite its age, the motor has just been transferred to the new airsense 11 to replace its larger unit and reduce the machine size. quite a vote of approval from years of patient feedback. it really is a great little machine! can you do a comparison of the luna g3 and the airsence 11? thank you for the suggestion! we'll run it by our team! always bringing the facts. thanks! you know we keep it real! check out our site for some real low prices on cpap supplies! ty bro happy to help!", "likes": "558", "channel": {"name": "Sleeplay", "chanenelID": "UCtE3Q70qtJ_94a0GjLw78kw", "subscribers": "3910"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 347.0, "keyword": "CPAP machine", "rank": 14, "consine similarity": 0.06772854614785964}
{"id": "RzCskdfN46k", "title": "How humidification makes CPAP therapy more comfortable", "views": "129318", "date_published": "2014-08-11", "description": "Some people experience a dry mouth and throat when they\u2019re on CPAP therapy for obstructive sleep apnea. Heated humidification can be the answer. Now that every AirSense 10 series device comes with the new HumidAir\u2122 heated humidifier built in, you can enjoy the benefits of humidification in one easy-to-use system. And when used with the ClimateLineAir\u2122 heated tube, your device is designed to automatically deliver the optimal temperature and humidity, for a more comfortable experience, helping you fall asleep with ease and get the healthy night\u2019s sleep you deserve. ResMed Air Solutions. A new beginning in great sleep.", "tags": ["us", "b2c", "Sleep", "english", "AMR", "AirSense 10 AutoSet", "CPAP", "Both", "Subtitle/en", "Sleep Apnea", "On therapy", "Set-up", "Humidification", "Machine", "AirSense", "Product", "Product How-to", "Current/Prospective Patient"], "comments": "why do none of these videos provide any actual advice? not sure which settings to use when my room is cold. i have to be cold because if not, i'll be suffering from migraines. what should i do to the heating tube and humidifier lovely video! apologies for the intrusion, i would appreciate your opinion. have you heard the talk about - franaar magic dream formula (do a search on google)? it is a good one off guide for eradicating sleep apnea and snoring without the hard work. ive heard some incredible things about it and my good mate called gray after a lifetime of fighting got cool results with it. podrian escribir subtitulos en castellano? i think my humidifier stopped working. i wake up and the tank is full. resmed needs to adress this... in my opinion the res med reservoirs are crap, they only last a few months before they start leaking. i have four of the reservoirs now and ai need a new one now, all because of leaks. i think they are badly designed and need an engineering permanent fix. ya tell me about it.. im on my 6th one do not soak the reservoir in anything other then a mild detergent. the instructions i got say to replace the reservoir every six months, so i don't think they're designed to last a long time. how do you adjust the temperature of the air?? its to cold @pn westerner i'm not a hater actually i heavily used google translate last week as a tourist in bogota. and the community which i live in is predominantly asian. good people. now go back to your rocking chair, watch your game shows, and take a nap ( don't forget to put your cpap machine on during your nap). @marcodoz @marcodoz why? do you read chinese/ japanese writing? stop being paranoid on who is a hater or not. @wate25 hater @wate25 lmao i can't stand having the humidifier on. can i adjust the humidifier so that it is a little bit more humid", "likes": "214", "channel": {"name": "ResMed", "chanenelID": "UCwjFC_AikD4--KeVnU7mbJg", "subscribers": "27200"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 82.0, "keyword": "CPAP treatment", "rank": 20, "consine similarity": 0.09205746178983235}
{"id": "ZZFmVgjIKYQ", "title": "Benefits of CPAP Treatment", "views": "10622", "date_published": "2012-11-07", "description": "This video describes the benefits of CPAP treatment for Obstructive Sleep Apnea.", "tags": ["Fisher & Paykel Healthcare", "CPAP", "Obstructive Sleep Apnea", "Apnoea", "F&P ICON"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "NA", "channel": {"name": "F&P Healthcare", "chanenelID": "UCG0sWzCH2z63WyYkcpBg1fg", "subscribers": "5700"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 64.0, "keyword": "CPAP treatment", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.4472135954999579}
{"id": "JheMMKl-YN4", "title": "Sleep Apnea - Central & Obstructive Sleep Apnea", "views": "10478", "date_published": "2013-12-06", "description": "http://usmlefasttrack.com/?p=6060  Sleep, Apnea, -, Central, &, Obstructive, Sleep, Apnea, Findings, symptoms, findings, causes, mnemonics, review, what is, video, study, Rapid Review, Clinical presenation, First Aid, for, USMLE, Step 1, images, wiki, define, wikipedia, 2013, videos, exam, prep, easy, What is usmle, mnemonic, causes,", "tags": "NA", "comments": "i have central sleep apnea and obstructive with an ahi score of 80+ '' which means i stop breathing on every breath. still haven't found a solution. i have a \"dreamstation\" but it doesn't help. i don't know what to do. i sleep like 15 minutes on and off 24 hours a day. @cut thanks, glad you're doing well. @star gazer i finally got rid of mine. for other health reasons i stopped drinking and it completely went away. i miss drinking but not sleep apnea! good luck. i have just been diagnosed...have been unable to function normally for several years. severe central apnea. now, onto see pulmonary specialist + cardiologist. i find myself not breathing at night. kinda scary. i hated it cpap and couldn't rest with it on. i also tried doing yoga but still didn't work good. until my pal told me the very good effects of this sleep apnea treatment \"amam fetching site\" (google it). i started a program of 8 exercises. i was instructed to perform these four times every day, and in the preliminary week i noticed an improvement. . kudos for the video! sorry for the intrusion, i would love your initial thoughts. have you researched - letochy fast apnea plan (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is a smashing one off guide for curing your sleep apnea without the hard work. ive heard some incredible things about it and my cooworker at very last got excellent results with it. lovely video clip! forgive me for the intrusion, i am interested in your opinion. have you considered - letochy fast apnea plan (just google it)? it is a great exclusive guide for curing your sleep apnea without the normal expense. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my good mate called gray at last got cool success with it. interesting points ,if anyone else wants to discover alternative sleep apnea treatments try tarbetti apnea expert tutor(do a google search ) ? ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my friend got great results with it.", "likes": "52", "channel": {"name": "USMLEFastTrack", "chanenelID": "UC7FhJrSDXZjgDD0MJ6A3znA", "subscribers": "67300"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 139.0, "keyword": "Central sleep apnea", "rank": 24, "consine similarity": 0.09016696346674323}
{"id": "PbTlTmVkLTY", "title": "What is central sleep apnea?", "views": "15810", "date_published": "2013-02-25", "description": "Dr. Whitney of Whitney Sleep Center discusses what cental sleep apnea is.", "tags": "NA", "comments": "i have apneas during the day. i have central sleep apnea and i am hyper sensitive to dust and allergic to dust mites. every time i put my brand new piece on with a brand new hose always fresh out of the package, my 1st breath is like sticking your head into a crawl space and taking the deepest breath you can take. i'm left with a feeling as if my chest is bruised. i have minor heart conditions and severe acid reflux. i've been trying to get another alternative and the va tells me i simply can't get it until i have given them 7 consecutive days of 4 consecutive hours of sleep on this machine. i've had it for almost 2 years and have not recorded one min of sleep. it's nearly impossible. i have to clean everything thoroughly before each use and change the filters as well. still no changes i have a one year old who was diagnosed with sleep apnea when she was 6 months they have yet to put her on cpap machine they only give her oxygen what do you think i should do or should i get a second opinion whats the cause of central sleep apnea? the cpap machines are just managing the symptoms, not a cure. are there any hope for those with central sleep apnea of getting cured from cpap/bipaps? i was clinically diagnosed (less than a year ago) with extreme sleep apnea. by the help of sleep apnea treatment \"amam fetching site\" (google it) i was able to understand how it started and how to end the illness. now i'm doing the exercise on a regular basis to avoid being unwell once again. . i was diagnosed (just one year ago) with serious sleep apnea. by the assistance of sleep apnea therapy \"amam fetching site\" (google it) i was able to comprehend how it started and how to stop the illness. now i am performing the exercise regularly to avoid being unwell once again. . i'm not sure but ,if anyone else wants to discover best treatment for sleep apnea try vaxicorn simple sleep guide( search on google ) ? ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my neighbor got excellent results with it. is and bipap with auto or an asv machine the right piece of equipment for csa? hi everyone ,if anyone else wants to discover try cypouris amazing apnea coach(do a search on google ) ? ive heard some incredible things about it and my work buddy got great results with it. i'm not sure but ,if anyone else wants to uncover how to cure sleep apnea at home try cypouris amazing apnea coach( search on google ) ? ive heard some interesting things about it and my m8 got excellent results with it. i've been researching into sleep apnea treatments and found an awesome website at stans slumber method (google it if you're interested) hi everyone ,if anyone else wants to learn about how to cure sleep apnea naturally try\npanlarko amazing sleep planner (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now ) ? ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my brother in low got excellent results with it. hi everyone ,if anyone else needs to find out about try nadazma amazing sleep helper(just google it ) ? ive heard some incredible things about it and my cousin got cool success with it. +jayampathi kumara interesting points ,if anyone else is searching for best cure for sleep apnea try knewreck amazing apnea guide(do a google search ) ? ive heard some awesome things about it and my colleague got amazing success with it. nice and useful guides...should try panlarko amazing sleep planner..google for it, it has everything about central sleep apnea symptoms.. +tanpa nama interesting points ,if anyone else is searching for how to cure sleep apnea exercise try panlarko amazing sleep planner( search on google ) ? ive heard some great things about it and my mate got amazing success with it. hi everyone, if anyone else trying to find out alternative sleep apnea treatments try alkarno apnea alchemist (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now) ? ive heard some amazing things about it and my mate got excellent results with it. interesting points ,if anyone else trying to find out how to cure sleep apnea exercise try tarbetti apnea expert tutor( search on google ) ? ive heard some pretty good things about it and my neighbor got cool success with it. great video content! forgive me for butting in, i would love your opinion. have you tried - letochy fast apnea plan (just google it)? it is a smashing one off guide for curing your sleep apnea without the hard work. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my good mate called gray got amazing success with it. i'm not sure but ,if anyone else trying to find out alternative sleep apnea treatments try alkarno apnea alchemist (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now ) ? ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my brother in law got great results with it. i love this video and another resource i also found helpfull for sleep apnea treatments natural is knewreck amazing apnea guide ,\nfind it on google if you want i'm not sure but ,if anyone else wants to discover alternative sleep apnea treatments try megarno apnea magician( search on google ) ? ive heard some amazing things about it and my mate got cool success with it. the video is nice and understandable. the subject ofcentral sleep apnea cures can be found interesting information on knewreck amazing apnea guide too (it is easy to find through google). hello, interesting video there about central sleep apnea symptoms. i've recently come across megarno apnea magician which is also good for treating central sleep apnea symptoms. check it out on google. i would like to speak to you osu is trying so hard to get me involved in a clinical trial from what they say its good but i'm leery please contact me asap remede wants me to join there clinical trials i'm scared should i do it", "likes": "63", "channel": {"name": "whitneysleepcenter", "chanenelID": "UCfVt5xAywsRMvkxmCeDnefw", "subscribers": "33"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 80.0, "keyword": "Central sleep apnea", "rank": 4, "consine similarity": 0.3849001794597505}
{"id": "_kAkyia1CJU", "title": "Dyssomnia - Innerverse", "views": "3734", "date_published": "2012-02-20", "description": "Biggin up Dyssomnia on his first (!!) solo production. The sound of mind-altering substances, watch out for the killer second drop\r \r Dyssomnia soundcloud: http://soundcloud.com/dyssomnia\r Dyssomnia facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Dyssomnia/180130975417423\r \r DunesDubstep soundcloud: http://soundcloud.com/dunesdubstep\r DunesDubstep facebook: http://www.facebook.com/dunesdubstep\r \r Audio uploaded with permission from Dyssomnia. Image created by Fdecomite and released under creative commons CC-BY-2.0 license, edited by Osario.", "tags": ["dyssomnia", "innerverse", "dubstep", "2012", "dyssomnia dubstep", "dyssomnia innerverse", "hd", "high definition", "Zoelen", "Netherlands", "deep", "dark", "vibes", "minimal", "experimental", "dunes", "dunes dubstep", "dunesdubstep", "dark dubstep", "deep dubstep", "bass", "music", "roots", "sub-bass", "full", "dubplate", "unreleased", "konvex", "DJ madd", "compa", "truth", "anex", "thelem", "malleus", "jakes", "hizzleguy"], "comments": "shove your watermark up your ass such a banger ! no words can do this track justice. deep. such a great track ! the bass does that to my apartment too xo whaaaaaaaat ? massive ! niiiice! :-) that mid is fucking scary! more of this!! more of this!! more of this!! more of this!! more of this!! more of this!! wahaaaahhhh this one is so epiiicccc @tijmenhkz hahaha...i did think that as i posted it! just discovered u via the \"the dune\" who plays the best quality happenin' vibes. your stuff is just sublime, my firend. keep going, man!! :-) holy vibes batman! @clearviewmind big up, i ain't from the uk tho ;) this has got to be in the 'best single' nominations on the brits tonight. lol phukin' awesome!!!! serious piece. i need to get back into drug taking fast................. so evil so evil nice d", "likes": "75", "channel": {"name": "DunesDubstep", "chanenelID": "UCp5KUL1Mb7Kpfw10SGyPumQ", "subscribers": "10500"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 346.0, "keyword": "Dyssomnias", "rank": 16, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "8I9pU1xHT5o", "title": "Dyssomnia - Confrontation @ Haunting The Chapel 2016", "views": "2562", "date_published": "2016-03-16", "description": "Live performance at Haunting The Chapel festival in METZ (France) January 2016.  https://Facebook.com/Dyssomnia.Thrashmetal https://Youtube.com/user/dyssomniathrash https://soundcloud.com/dyssomnia-thrash   Video directed by Vincent Tournaud: (http://www.vincenttournaud.com/) Camera: Chiristopher Kristo & Cl\u00e9ment Robert.  Sound mixing: Spenle Julien  Thank you to Maxime & Damage Done Production (www.damagedoneprod.fr)", "tags": ["Dyssomnia", "Thrash", "Metal", "Death", "Confrontation", "Haunting the chapel", "Live"], "comments": "llllooooouuuurrrrdddddd !!!! t bo kira ^^ vous etes bons, vous etes beaux !!\nbravo :d", "likes": "28", "channel": {"name": "DyssomniaThrash", "chanenelID": "UCzc8wzdsBG0M0FCYdHT0dsQ", "subscribers": "37"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 300.0, "keyword": "Dyssomnias", "rank": 15, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "zo_0Bzsh4WA", "title": "High Blood Pressure - Causes, Symptoms and Treatment Options", "views": "930926", "date_published": "2014-06-15", "description": "Allergy (also called: Hypertension)  -- video script below --  Blood pressure is the force of your blood pushing against the walls of your arteries. Each time your heart beats, it pumps blood into the arteries. Your blood pressure is highest when your heart beats, pumping the blood. This is called systolic pressure. When your heart is at rest, between beats, your blood pressure falls. This is called diastolic pressure.  Your blood pressure reading uses these two numbers. Usually the systolic number comes before or above the diastolic number. A reading of      119/79 or lower is normal blood pressure     140/90 or higher is high blood pressure     Between 120 and 139 for the top number, or between 80 and 89 for the bottom number is called prehypertension. Prehypertension means you may end up with high blood pressure, unless you take steps to prevent it.  High blood pressure usually has no symptoms, but it can cause serious problems such as stroke, heart failure, heart attack and kidney failure.  You can control high blood pressure through healthy lifestyle habits and taking medicines, if needed.  NIH: National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute", "tags": ["high blood pressure medication", "high blood pressure chart", "high blood pressure during pregnancy", "high blood pressure causes", "high blood pressure numbers", "high blood pressure in pregnancy", "high blood pressure symptoms in men", "high blood pressure in children", "hypertension medications", "hypertension definition", "hypertension pathophysiology", "hypertension causes", "high blood pressure symptoms", "Benign essential hypertension", "Essential hypertension", "HBP", "HTN", "Hypertension"], "comments": "i appreciate your determination in showing me i can be healed from the type 2 diabetes, thanking you for your perseverance, support, and love, thank you dr igudia, youtube for being the wonderful dr that you are if the world had more people like you, it would be a better place. you make a difference, dr igudia thank you for curing my type 2 diabetes and introducing your medical products to the worlds god bless you dr igudia youtube for curing my type 2 diabetes thank you dr igudia on youtube for all you do, just got my test result today and am now type 2 diabetes negative. i will keep letting the world know about your good work sir i recommend dr igudia on youtube to everyone who suffers from type 2 diabetes because i was once suffering type 2 diabetes before i came across dr igudia who gave me his natural herbs supplements which i used to cure my diabetes completely. my appreciation goes to dr igudia on youtube for helping me with his natural herbs supplements which i used in curing my type 2 diabetes completely within just three weeks of using the natural herbs remedies nice video, also watch acupressure treatment for high blood pressure: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0riuyjmf9ty this sounds better on mute i'm dying lol i will forever be grateful to dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes disease with his herbs remedy. i will forever tell the world about your great medication doc. i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes disease to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective and cures diabetes completely. wtf this was pointless as shit fucking click bait a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube for helping me getting rid off my five years old diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes disease to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective and cures diabetes completely. so what exactly causes high blood pressure? stop believing what the doctors says that there's no cure for diabetes, i was recently cured of my type 2 diabetes with the herbs medication i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube for helping me getting rid off my five years old type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. in sab se kuch nhi hota maine bahut try kia hai wo to meri ek relative ne mujhe ek vaid ji k bre me batya wha se maine 4 mahine ka dwa ka course kia r ab mera bp normal rahta hai.. thanks to vaid ji.. jha se mai dwa leti thi wha ka w.app nmbr maine apne name k sath likh dia hai i really want to appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured my high blood pressure with his herbs supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. thank you so much dr osaye for fulfilling your trust,i and my lovely wife are very greatfull for your help with the herbal medicine to cure herpes,it hasn't been easy after so many years of suffering,i'm so greatful my bp is currently 184/123. i am supposed to be taking medication for it but i can't afford it. am i going to have a stroke? my bp is currently 184/123. i am supposed to be taking medication for it but i can't afford it. am i going to have a stroke? i was finally able to lower my high blood pressure permanently with the herbs medication i got from dr igudia on youtube dr igudia on youtube natural herbs medication is indeed the best treatment anyone can get to cure high blood pressure permanently. after using his natural herbs medication my high blood pressure came back to normal. hos do i make an animation like this.\nthatcher world work also for my training of young engineers thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured my high blood pressure with his natural herbs medication which i used and my high blood pressure came back to normal after using his natural herbs medication. you can absolutely regulate your blood pressure level with the best naturopathic remedy recommended both for severe hypertension and hypotension cases.\nmy high blood pressure diagnosis came at a time in my life when i was very stressed. my husband's company had closed a few months earlier and he lost his job. we decided to locate to san diego with our three children. my husband moved to california a year before we did, so i was juggling work as a nurse, caring for my son and two daughters, and taking care of responsibilities around the house, like cooking, cleaning or shuttling the kids to school and extracurricular activities .\nfollowing my birthday event in february, i was taking my daughter to ice skating practice when i started seeing kaleidoscope-like stars in my vision. my blood pressure at the doctor that day was 210/120, compared to a healthy blood pressure of 120/80. i was diagnosed with high blood pressure and worked with my provider to make healthy lifestyle changes and take medications as prescribed.\nabout 6 months after my kids and i moved to california to join my husband, i was walking our dog when i felt an unbearable pain between my shoulder blades. an appointment with my primary care provider resulted in a normal ekg and referral to a cardiologist. there, i took a stress test that only lasted for three minutes of walking on the treadmilli needed nitro and oxygen to recover. three days later, i went to the hospital to have a coronary angiogram to have a stent put in my heart artery to restore blood flow through my narrow or blocked arteries. my hypertension was my only risk factor for my heart disease at the time.\nsince the high blood pressure diagnosis and my coronary artery stent, i've gotten in much better control of my health - all thanks to dr. harry obiego: the african herbal practitioner of whose purely refined botanical tinctures had permanently normalized my blood pressure level to a normality of 117/77.\nprior to my permanent blood pressure normalization and my encounter with this african herbal practitioner - i had also suffered from weakened and narrow blood cells vessels, of which had resulted to an acute kidney disease which had altered several advantages of good living. i would have completely lost hope for an improvement in my health condition, had it not been for the intervention of this doctor, of whom had been referred to me by certain patients' testimonials which i had read on an online forum. there had been a positive attribution to his professional background and his expertise in the regulation of severe cases of hypertension and hypotension. i had been struck by these testimonials and through that slim opportunity, i had been very much willing to try his herbal recommendations and dietary observations to good result. shortly after the consultation with this herbal practitioner, there were positive changes which were experienced in the sudden normalization of my blood pressure thus, putting an end to other health complications which had occurred as a result of hypertension.\nin brief, i had decided to go for a blood pressure test in a few weeks after the completion of the herbal treatment, in which my pharmacist's sphygmomanometer had certified my blood pressure to be 120.5. at the discovery of this information, i had been filled with so much joy and it was indescribable. from there onwards, i have always had the surge to share my ordeal with hypertension and what it feels like to be freed from all the dangers that were effectuated by this condition. i wish to use this medium to reach across anyone suffering from the ordeal of hypertension or hypotension in order to ensure them of the every possibility of overcoming this situation for positively and naturally.\nfor more information regarding this naturopathic remedy for the proper regulation of the blood pressure, you can contact this herbal practitioner directly via email:drharryobego@gmail.com.\nwhatsapp: +234901 616 1406. all thanks and gratitude to dr igudia on youtube who cured my high blood pressure disease with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him. his herbs medication are indeed very effective and cures high blood pressure permanently and my blood sugar is back to normal now. dr igudia on youtube natural herbs medication are indeed the best medication you can get to cure your high blood pressure permanently. after using his natural herbs medication my high blood pressure came back to normal. you all can also contact dr igudia on any kind of illnesses. my high blood pressure came back to normal within few weeks of using the natural herbs medication which i ordered from dr igudia on youtube. i also encourage my fellow americans who suffers from high blood pressure to contact dr igudia on youtube for a permanent treatment with his natural herbs medication. for alternate pov's google: alternate points of view! blood pressure, glucose, accord study, sucralose, cholesterol & medicines causes of high bp is due to medicine side effects. my type 2 diabetes came to an end after using the natural herbs medication which i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel.\nthe herbs medication was indeed very effective and helpful and i encourage anyone who also suffers from diabetes disease or any form of disease like cancer, high blood pressure, obesity, herpes infection, heart disease, copd, skin disease to contact the great doctor on his youtube channel for help with the name dr igudia very dum video, a better vidoe would be what causes a human being to have high or low blood pressure!!!! im glad to recommend dr ncube to anyone who is suffering from thyriod, diabetes, hiv/aids. he has the treatments and cure to any type of sickness and infections. skin infections treatment.. im glad to recommend dr ncube to anyone who is suffering from thyriod, diabetes, hiv/aids. he has the treatments and cure to any type of sickness and infections. skin infections treatment.. also see https://youtu.be/gfcxvoa_nma blood pressure i just got 146 blod bresure does this ban me from flying ?(not traveling , beeing the pilot) i work out in i feel great if your body snow no sign you got the ok it's really amazing how i got cured off hbp with dr akpamu herbal remedy you are truly a man of your words dr.akpamu i am 42 years old. my blood pressure was 198/87. should i be concerned? call 911 bro hello your video is really good.. my grandfather was suffering from recurrent high blood glucose levels and the reason remains unknown he use to have very controlled diet .. then he started using planet ayurveda medication along with a diet chart they provided and it really made a difference.. eat fresh plant-based food. eliminate sodium intake - it helps me a lot! i was receiving medical treatment for hsv2 for about two years but it was not cured and i was referred to dr. odion on youtube who helped me with his roots and natural herbs to cure my hsv2 completely/... https://youtube.com/channel/ucljpudfnpftjjnmfkkpgt7g herpes virus can be cured naturally, i was a former sufferer but i succeeded to get rid of it with natural remedies. i highly recommend dr ono on youtube channel how dr odigie on youtube is treating diabetes is becoming the trend worldwide. this great man have changed the ways of treating diseases god bless you doc i experience my bp was 210/130 my herpes infection all came to an end after using the natural herbs medication i ordered from this great dr igudia on his youtube channel. i will forever tell the world about your great medication doc. contact dr akho link https://youtube.com/channel/ucycqbnbsgsco3rij1o_btlq . i have scabies and i remembered how i felt when the doctor told me it will be very hard for me to conceive but , all to the glory of god that after using dr akho herbal on youtube natural infective herbal medication am a mother of four kids . thank you doctor for making me a fruitful woman im just 14 yrs old and my blood pressure was 140.90 what should i do im too young and my blood pressure was very high contact dr akho link https://youtube.com/channel/ucycqbnbsgsco3rij1o_btlq i want to thank everyone who recommended dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medications and i feel so much relief now than before. i suggest you to dr.uwenboherbalhome were i found what helped with hbp with herbal treatment,. seeing a lot of reviews from dr igudia on youtube for diabetes disease cure not until i gave it a shot and that was the end of my diabetes disease after using his herbal medicine if you are suffering from high blood pressure you can take arjun tea and brahmi capsules from planet ayurveda. am always thankful to dr mados on youtube #drmados, for curing me of diabetes completely with his natural herbal remedy... i used to have type 2 diabetes over these years but my diabetes disease came to an end after using dr igudia on youtube natural herbs medication. my blood pressure is 145/93 heart rate is 108 it's high should i take medicine ? my blood pressure was 198/87. my diastolic is 39 my systolic is 105 hello y'all i was able to get rid of my hsv through the help of dr okosun on youtube with the use of herbal supplements. muja bp ki problem thi 8saal se, humne koi nuksa koi dr nahi shoda, humara relative ne 1 baid ji ka bataya jo desi dawa deta hai woh be vikul free, umeed 0% thi par maina 4 month dawa li to vilkul normal ho gaya ab 1saal se jaada ho gaya dawa shood kar dobara koi problem nahi hui\nhumara liya to baid ji allah ka banda hai kaha pr?? i am 26 and today my pressure was 157/95 fick man 33 years old. 163/101 mere cousin ne planet ayurveda ka arjun saar use keya tha blood pressure ke leyea. i really appreciate dr oziengbe on youtube i was able to get rid of my hypertension problem with the herbal medicine i order from dr oziengbe sir please reply me my age is 27 last 3 years i have 140/90 bp,currently checked ecg,eco & kidey ultrasound its all are normal but bp is 140/90 what is the reason @ruthran ruthu hello , iam 25 year old ,weight=54 ,my bp was 143/83,climate temperature= 16c .is it reason to worry please explain . tq bro @haseeb 007 bro i dont know hindhi plz explain in english earthing is good at prevent and help fight almost all health problems including high blood pressure, it's easy to diy a grounding mat, sheet or pillow to use at home, no need to buy.\nhttps://youtu.be/44ddtr0xdvu meri grendmother blood pressure se bhut parshan thi to humne uska ilaj dr.vikram chauhan se karwaya to uno ne planet ayurveda ka total heart support\nuse karne ke liye bola uno ne use kiya or ab vo theek hai bhut achha results hai planet ayurveda ke thanks to them, my heart filled with joy and appreciation to dr abumere on youtube for curing my hsv with his natural roots and herbs. am now perfectly okay. god bless you for me.https://youtu.be/kgih8shzy2y ... i'm using this opportunity to appreciate dr igudia on youtube for his herbs medication that i used in curing my diabetes disease i can't stop thanking dr igudia on youtube who cured me and my partner from diabetes with his herbal medicine my blood pressure 145/95....i have pcos also. but why my doctor dont prescribed me any medicine for high pressure? exactly same here. hello ma'am.. my wife use to suffer from blood pressure problems after our first baby.. she use to remain very worried about it.. then she tried using.. planet ayurveda products and it really worked.. can give more details about those product hi after performing the , notov shocking plan blood pressure level strategy i came across on go ogle, my blood pressure was 152/92 during my trip to the health care clinic. it has then returned my blood pressure to a safer stage after i had used it. the guide has been very useful to me. it has assisted to regulate my high blood pressure. the manual in this , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) blood pressure option is straightforward to read and fully understand. i just needed two nights (few hours) of browsing the guidebook to completely understand the manual. i have tracked final results ever since i began into it. on the thanksgiving holiday, i had it at 148/98 and within just 1 month i lowered it even further to 116/78. * nothing can compare the joy in my heart for being free from this terrible disease fibroids, for 2years i suffer from it not until i saw a review on how drabumereure on youtube cured someone from fibroids ... i contact him and bought his herbal. medicine lucky for me i was cured and free from this fibroids pain with the help of his herbal medicine ... email (doctorabumere6@gmail.com) whatsapp. +2349021975055. dr abumere can also help you get rid of gallstones, endometriosis, ovarian cysts, herpes, pcos, low sperm & weak erection, herpes virus, blocked tubes, infections, infertility & bleeding. please help me share dr abumere herbal medicine work fine no side effects . >> xx... https://youtu.be/wst8tawuura watch this vedio on hypertention thank you so much my granny suddenly got full sweat ik how to see bp but dk about what to do at that time so that i asked you tube there so much of dumb videos but this helps me tq i ordered herbal medicine from doctor otors on facebook , i sincerely want everybody to try this herbal medicine because it given me back my life. i took his herbal medicines for 4 weeks and my blood pressure came back to its normal level after been diagnosed with high bp for years. let's resend to save the world and get everyone out of the pharmacy cage. pills has caused me so much side effects !! you can also contact doctor otors on his facebook page @ doctor otors !!! the guideline in this , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) high blood pressure option is very easy to read and comprehend. in a matter of two nights, i was able to get all facts i required from this. on monitoring my blood pressure level, the actual outcome gone from 148/98 on thanksgiving holiday festivity to 116/78 within just thirty day period. at my younger age at twenty six yrs . old, i have already commenced using medi cines to deal with my high blood pressure issues. of all of the alternative i have personally tried using, , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) could be the one that has proven to work with my blood pressure. the medications recommended to me to have were not of used any more after having a month of consistently making use of this guidebook. am forever grateful to god for using dr erayo herbal medicine on youtube to permanently eradicate my herpes virus after carrying out the , notov shocking plan hypertension program i came across on go ogle, my blood pressure level was 152/92 during my visit to the health care clinic. as soon as i obtained a fresh source and commenced using it again i found my blood pressure level return to normal. i use this to deal with my hypotension. it works exceptional!. for years (around 2 years), i was keeping up with my medication to maintain my blood pressure not right up until this thirty day period i stumbled upon about this , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) therapy. a doctor has proven it too. really dont need to take the dr ugs previously prescribed to me. looking for hiv natural healing dr. kanayo peterson got you covered with his 14 days negative, pure herbal medicine.\nif you are tired of using hospital's prescription\ndr kanayo peterson is your best chance of getting cure in a natural way.\nwith more good news coming from a lot of people who have benefited from @dr.kanayo peterson in american the population keeps increasing in numbers. watching people die of weak immune system makes me wonder,\nwhy don't you use 14 days negative to boost your immune system with dr. kanayo peterson herbs online. it has been clear with good reviews all over the internet. have also use it to cure the sickness i had. i have experienced heart problems & taking drug treatments from the time that when i was twenty six yrs . old. this is the earliest high blood pressure option , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) that has ever really worked to decrease my pressure the natural way. in just a month of sticking with the advice in the guide, there wasn't just about any require for me to take each of my dr ugs. i started sticking with this hypertension remedy , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) recently and also have already witnessed a good change in my high blood pressure! it definitely is stabilizing!!! i have noticed serious progress within 20 days of applying this plan. after 25 days and nights my pressure is normal (for me) 120/55. after undertaking the , notov shocking plan hypertension strategy i found on go ogle, my blood pressure level was 152/92 during my trip to the medical care clinic. as soon as i obtained a fresh supply and started out utilizing it again i found my blood pressure level come back to normal. i utilize this to manage my blood pressure level. it works superb!. not a while ago, in reality just simply couple of days had went by, i attempted to implement this blood pressure treatment plan , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) and improvement followed immediately. it has stabilized my blood pressure, no question about that. in the limited time of something like 20 days, my blood pressure level decreased. five more days and nights passed and my pressure is at the normal stage at 120/55. very informative video. i have the same problem with my bp. i just take a hypertension care pack of planet ayurveda and i got well within one year. hello friends. thanks to dr.kojo who cured me of high blood pressure he also get people cure form several diagnosed diseases and virus, hsv, hpv, cold sores, lupus, hiv, cancer, hepatitis types*\n*herpes __*\n*blood cancer_**___*\n*diabetes_**___*\n*hepatitis b_**___*\n*low sperm count_**___*\n*fibroid_**____*\n*als___*\n*epilepsy___*\n*hpv_**___*\n*copd sores___*\n*cancer_**___*\n*gonorrhea_**___*\n*high blood pressure **___*\n*hsv_1/2_**___*\n*lupus_**___*\n*skin and face* *infection___*\n*ex_back etc* for more info,whatapp\n+2348139206346 or email him,\nkojosolutionhome@yahoo.com if you suffer from herpes virus i urge you to contact dr akafa for a permanent cure with his herbal supplements he sent me to get rid of it my mother's blood pressure range almost remained high. she was very upset with that. she tried many medicines but she didn't felt relaxed. after some time she takes herbal remedies of planet ayurveda and now she is very fit and fine. nice video with gratitude in my heart i wanna say a very big thank you to drudoka on youtube for helping me eradicate erectile dysfunction permanently. my uncle mostly had high blood pressure. but when he started taking arjuna capsules and arjuna tea of planet ayurveda , his bp got normal. now he is normal as before. is this safe ? really ? thank you for video.....my wife had remains very high bp. then my friend suggested me for ayurvedic medicines. then we visited to planet ayurveda and they cured us very well. with the help of their medicines my wife is recovering and have normal bp. on vyond blood pressure problems are caused due to constipation.our body has 9/10 air passages with air movement (nose,mouth,urinary track,etc) and the blockade caused in any one of these causes to multiple blockades which causes the blood pressure problem.\n-ancient indian almost forgotten knowledge.\nshare this knowledge among who you think are sufferers.\nedit-ah,also mensuration related problems can cause thyroid,bp and heart related problems very nice video .. i was suffering from hypertension then i tried taking ayurvedic medicines from planet ayurveda ... they first manage my blood pressure and now with their diet plan and medicines i am fine. i got 180/110 @luckycat12 are you on medication? @unknown yess quick question why can we are not allowed to donate my b+blood with high 42o blood pressure hey is my life choice too die like my merica father and murica grandpappy it's the american merica murica way too go i would never turn my back with heart attack heart disease high blood pressure cuz it's in this yankee doodle federation institution we police others murica galaxies ooooooo ii ben sayings a bunch of cuss words on this subject why cant i donate my high blood pressure blood 4??? they say every 60seconds somebody needs new blood i think it fakenews mustard hamburger burger never ketchup . goanimate this is among the perfect blood pressure alternative i've read through , notov shocking plan (go ogle it). easy language is utilized to write this, this means it is easy to completely understand and perform. those who are unlucky to possess high blood pressure must have this book. before, i have my blood pressure at 120/80, thanks to this guidebook, i was in a position to decrease it. the , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) has helped me to cut back my blood pressure (exactly 20-point cut) for two weeks only of utilizing it. nevertheless, you will need to exercise for approximately thirty five minutes every single day. overall, i find myself much healthier ever since my high blood pressure is no more than my normal.. hii friend, s mere ghr me bhi meri dadi g ko bhi high blood pressure ki problem thi hum ne bhut hi paiesa kharab kar diya tha fer mere ek friend ne kisi products ke bare me bataea or hum ne vo products use kiye or uske baad 3 month me hi vo sahi ho gye more info... 7814198747 the treatment plan , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) that i implemented has got my blood pressure level to 152/92 at my examination at a medical care center. it has then returned my blood pressure level to a safe and sound level after i had tried it. i use this to deal with my blood pressure. it performs excellent!. fak you all damb beaches tanginanyonglahat sialan kamu bodoh indonesia peroid . all of you beach on vyond any one tested out the hybetez remedy (do a search on google)? we have noticed many amazing things about this high blood pressure secret remedy. there are many components to treating high blood pressure at home. one plan i discovered that successfully combines these is the wilfs calmer plan (google it if you're interested) without a doubt the most useful guide that i have ever seen. check out all the interesting info . hi guys, the best results that ive ever had was by using the wilfs calmer plan (just google it) - i found it the most incredible resource that i have ever seen. hello the best results that ive had was by using the wilfs calmer plan (i found it on google) - without a doubt the no.1 idea i've seen. not a while ago, in fact only just couple of days had went by, i tried to carry out this blood pressure course of action , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) and development followed straight away. it definitely is stabilizing!!! in the short time of something like 20 days, my blood pressure level lessened. five more days went by and my pressure is at the normal level at 120/55... , , , , , , . 180/120 .\ndivya mukta vati , . 138/88.\n. allow me to attest to the potency of the , notov shocking plan (look it up on go ogle) that works with blood pressure. another treatment i have personally tried aren't long-term in preserving my blood pressure level. this is the 1st that does what it says. following a couple of weeks, my blood pressure level has kept the 145/90 line. together with perfect pressure its now working at 120/70.. after 2 strokes, brain aneurysm and 7 years on 4-6 blood pressure medications barely controlling my hypertension. and now i'm cured and off all my meds! healed naturally, i just want to help anyone who is as sick as i was . modern medicine wasn't able to help me. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jwdqspvvxmw i am going to attest to the usefulness of the , notov shocking plan (look it up on go ogle) that deals with blood pressure. the other treatment i have attempted are definitely not long lasting in maintaining my blood pressure level. there is none other treatment method on the market that accomplish what it affirms. following a couple of weeks, my blood pressure level has kept the 145/90 line. together with perfect pressure its now working at 120/70.. so far, , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) is the best fix for folks having high blood pressure issue. the manual is created in an easy and a lot less techie phrases, which makes it very easy to go by. individuals with high blood pressure could have this guide that i advise for handling this concern. i reduced my blood pressure level beneath 120/80 making use of this program.. after performing the , notov shocking plan blood pressure levels plan i found on go ogle, my high blood pressure was 152/92 during my trip to the medical care clinic. once i managed to get a fresh supply and began using it again i found my blood pressure level go back to normal. the guidebook has become beneficial to me. it has assisted to regulate my high blood pressure. this hypertension solution , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) is very clear, helpful, and easy to read. i just needed two nights (few hours) of looking through the guidebook to completely get good at the guide. i have personally tracked final results since i have started on it. on the thanksgiving holiday, i had it at 148/98 and throughout thirty days i lowered it even further to 116/78. the manual in this , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) high blood pressure solution is easy to read and fully grasp. in a matter of two nights, i was able to get all facts i needed from this. i've monitored outcomes ever since i commenced into it. on the thanksgiving, i had it at 148/98 and throughout four weeks i lowered it even further to 116/78. what if my blood pressure go back to normal i contacted herpes' i was told there is no herpes cure except treatment to control it. i totally lost hope all i could think was losing my life because it was so embarrassing to have this virus. a few weeks ago i read about a possible natural cure which was guaranteed. and i ordered the treatment after some weeks i got 100% cure. now i'm so excited to share this testimony to every article for others living with herpes there is possible natural treatment to eliminate this virus email dr abumere his clinic email address; doctorabumrer6@gmail.com whatsapp +2349021975055 . he also have the following treatment .......hpv....als.....cancer..\n.gonorrhea....syphilis.....chlamydia.....hiv/aids... the treatment plan , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) that i followed has got my high blood pressure to 152/92 during my check-up at a health care clinic. it has then returned my blood pressure to a safe stage after i had tried it. the guide continues to be very useful to me. it has assisted to modify my high blood pressure. at my young age at twenty six years old, i have already begun using medi cines to handle my blood pressure fears. of all option i've experimented with, , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) is the one that has shown to work on my high blood pressure. in just a calendar month of following the recommendations in the guide, there wasn't any kind of need for me to consume each of my medication.. excellent video, this worked for me and i ended up with high blood pressure, in case anyone is interested: 180-120.blogspot.com free consultation and natural treatment for diabetes, hypertension-high bp,thyroid ,weight management ,joint pain, hair loss. contact/whatsapp - 9810016673 a mate closed to me have used also this , notov shocking plan blood pressure level answer i discovered on go ogle. before, his blood pressure was at 158/120. throughout the help of the program and ingesting nice and clean, it was able to reduce swiftly normal again. it has slowly dropped and 2 weeks later with healthier eating his blood pressure is 128/84.. this hypertension method , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) is very clear, concise, and simple to read. within just two nights, i was able to get all facts i wanted from this. on monitoring my blood pressure levels, final results went from 148/98 on thanksgiving occasion to 116/78 within just thirty day period.. this is among the ideal high blood pressure alternative i've read through , notov shocking plan (go ogle it). straightforward vocabulary is used to create it, which suggests you'll be able to understand fully and do. folks who are unlucky to have high blood pressure need to have this book. before, i have my blood pressure at 120/80, as a result of this guide, i was able to decrease it. living with a virus for eternity is something you need to sit down and think. there is a cure for any type of virus and diseases. so why listen to people who will discourage you and not give you cure. alternative cure for any type of virus, diseases and stds available. 1; hsv1 and hsv2 2; lupus diseases 3; cancer 4; human papilloma virus (hpv) 5; crohn's diseases 6; diabetes 7; sickle cell arnamia 8; herpes 9; hiv 10;hepatitis 11;diabetes 12;pile for any health issues contact dr akhere for help in ridding out your problem. contact him on whatsapp:: https://wa.link/qiumpc special thanks to dr. ojiefo for helping me get cured from genital herpes, i was tested positive last 6 months, i contacted him base on the testimonies i'm seeing about him on the internet, i was cured too by him, kindly contact him today through his email he can help you, drojiefoakhanolu@gmail.com or whatsapp +2349055497048 there is permanent cure for diabetes, als, cancer, stroke, hypertension, herpes, lukeimia, hiv, chronic pains, psoriasis, arthritis, fibroid, lupus medicine you can get from dr oseigba mercy, this man has great supplement to treat the disease and viruses .... contact him via email..drharrymercy@gmail.com or whatsap +2348141659546 i had high blood pressure and obtained treatment to take care of it for just two years, however i started utilizing this high blood pressure plan , notov shocking plan that i found on go ogle a month ago. health practitioner informed me blood pressure level is returned on track and i don't have got to place money into pharmaceutical dr ugs for hypertension level.. i, myself can testify to the usefulness of this , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) plan of action.several other products i've tried only decreased the blood pressure for awhile. this is the very first which really does what it says. following a two or perhaps three weeks, my blood pressure level has retained the 145/90 line. with perfect pressure its now working at 120/70.. i, myself can testify to the efficiency of this , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) plan of action.the other treatment method i have personally tried out are not long-term in sustaining my blood pressure. this is the 1st that does what it reveals. following a couple of weeks, my blood pressure level has kept the 145/90 line. with perfect pressure its now working at 120/70.. today, i have got blood pressure and have been involved in very stressful circumstances. my brain started to go quite funny during the period. after measuring the high blood pressure, i have got 130/79 102 on the blood pressure machine. is this figure a high, medium or low blood pressure? its medium though i have a product that might be able to help. people.have said it has helped them with high blood pressure, diabetes, sleep, gaut, acne, acid reflux and many other things. its a miracle that i am alive today. i encounter herpes simplex virus (hsv1/2) for good four (4) years, six (6) months and twelve (12) day with my calculations, before i meet the great dr. abumere. i am tina richard from fresno california, united state of america and i was affected with herpes virus.herpes is a viral infection cause by the herpes simplex virus, marked by painful, watery blister in the skin or mucous membrane or on the genitals. this was what i suffered for good four years. i have visited cvs pharmacy in fresno for treatment but no improvement. i meet dr.abumere online while i was searching for herpes cure i read a testimony about his work. i give a try that now becomes a testimony in my life. i contacted dr.abumere on email: doctorabumere6@gmail.com or whatsapp: +2349021975055 this blood pressure level remedy , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) is very clear, to the point, and simple to read. i simply needed 2 nights (few hours) of reading the guide to completely understand the guide. i've tracked outcome since i have started out on it. on the thanksgiving, i had it at 148/98 and throughout one month i decreased it even more to 116/78. very informative vedio thank you as being a patient of hypotension its very difficult to tell people what am going through...but few years ago i was in a lot of pain but thankfully i came across planet ayurveda from where i took their herbal medicine and now am doing fine. not a long time ago, in fact only just day or two had passed, i attempted to carry out this high blood pressure treatment solution , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) and advancement followed immediately. it has stabilized my blood pressure, no question about that. in the short time of twenty days, my blood pressure level decreased. after twenty five days my pressure is normal (for me) 120/55.. have you ever lied even once, stolen anything, used god's name in vain, looked with lust or worse sexual sins? then you're not a good person in god's eyes and in terrible danger of the judgement of god which will send you to hell (a terrible place of pain and sadness forever & ever & ever & ever.). remember god is the holiest such that one small lie will induce his severe wrath. good news is jesus died on the cross so that you may receive forgiveness of aall your sins (no matter how bad or how many). but you aren't forgiven unless you repent of your sins & believe in jesus as your god (repentance means turning from sin and doing your absolute best not to do it again, also ask jesus to rid you of addictions that you're struggling to shake away-james 4:7). god has blessed us with great food to eat (kings in the past don't eat like we do today), shelter, freedoms, fun, medicine, pets to enjoy their company, friends and many more things to enjoy. yet we don't give him thanks, blaspheme his holy name etc god wants to give the free gift of eternal life (9999999999999999999999999 years) but we need to humble ourselves and turn from our wicked ways believe in jesus (god isn't asking you to get religious he wants to have a relationship with you-like a father and his children). think about why you're reading this message (everything happens for a reason) get saved today since tomorrow is not promised (not everyone lives to 80+); enter god's rest; god is taking desperate measures to reach you all because the time is short. thanks for reading this message & let me know if you have any questions. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xflncbexkdy&t=570s at my younger age at 26 yrs . old, i have already commenced using medications to handle my blood pressure problems. right here is the earliest high blood pressure solution which has ever really worked well to decrease my pressure the natural way. the medicinal drugs recommended to me to take weren't of used any longer after having a thirty day period of making use of this guideline. using google to get this guidebook. it calls jason cnobroke\nall the best https://leptinwellness.com/high-blood-pressure-exercises-program/ i was cured of high blood pressure with the use of natural herbs. a 49-yrs old woman from the indian. i love herbs so much. most times, injection and drugs are just a waste of time. i was cured 8months ago, i suffered from high blood pressure for yrs but with the help of dr nicohlas herbal home, i was cured within 2 weeks of drinking the herbs he sent to me through courier delivery service. this same doctor also cured my aunty of stroke, as soon as i heard she had stroke, i quickly refer her to dr. nicohlas herbal home and she was cured too after drinking his herbs. i have referred more than 15 persons to dr nicohlas and they were all cured of their various illnesses. have you taken herbs before?. you have spent so much money on drugs, injections, surgeries, etc and yet you have no good result to show for it. he is a herbalist doctor, i assured you of a cure if you drink his natural herbs. dr nicohlas have herbs that cure\n+hiv\n+herpes\n+diabetics\n+asthma\n+hepatitis\n+hbp\n+std\n+cancer\n+chronic etc.\nhe is also a spell caster, he can cast a spell to bring back your ex lover. contact dr. nicohlas through his whatsapp +2348164733926 or email doctornicohlas@gmail.com or https://mobile.facebook.com/dr-nicohlas-110063584212241/?ref=opera_speed_dial share the good news with others once you are cured. thank you this blood pressure level method is very clear, helpful, and easy to study. i just needed two nights (few hours) of browsing the guidebook to totally understand the guidebook. on keeping track of my blood pressure levels, the final results went from 148/98 on thanksgiving occasion to 116/78 within four weeks.. i researched about this tip on google. name of this guidebook is jason cnobroke\ngood this guide has helped me to lessen my high blood pressure (accurately 20-point cut) for just two weeks only of applying it. nevertheless, you have got to workout for around 35 minutes every single day. all round, i feel much healthier now that my high blood pressure is no more than my normal.. using google to get this guidebook. this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nthanks this guide is very easy to read and fully grasp. in a matter of only two nights, i was able to get all facts i needed from it. i've monitored final results since i have began into it. on the thanksgiving holiday, i had it at 148/98 and within thirty days i lowered it further more to 116/78. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this guide. name of this guide is jason cnobroke\nthanks hello friend thanks to dr ojiezele who cured me of high blood pressure he also get people cure from several diagnosed diseases and vrius, hsv, cold sores, lupus,hiv, cancer, hepatitis\ntypes*\n*herpes_*\n*blood_cancer*\n*diabetes_*\n*hepatitis b_*\n*low sperm count_*\n*fibroid_*\n*als_*\n*epilepsy_*\n*hpv_*\n*copd sores_*\n*cancer_*\n*gonorrhea_*\n*high blood pressure_*\n*hvs_1/2_*\n*lupus_ hepatitis c*\n*skin and face * *infection_*\n*ex_back etc* for more information whatsapp+2348064539246,or email him, drojiezele@gmail.com at my youthful age at 26 yrs . old, i have already begun consuming drugs to handle my blood pressure fears. right here is the 1st high blood pressure treatment that has ever actually worked well to reduce my pressure by natural means. within a month of sticking with the suggestions in the book, there wasn't any require for me to take every one of my medicine.. using google to get this guide. it calls jason cnobroke\nwell wishes i utilized this item and found pleasing benefits. this treatment plan that i put into practice has got my high blood pressure to 152/92 at my medical exam at a health care center. as soon as i got a fresh source and initiated using it again i found my blood pressure levels get back to normal. the guidebook continues to be beneficial to me. it has assisted to regulate my blood pressure. i researched about this guide by google. name of this tip is jason cnobroke\nbest luck yes it has symptoms. when i get angry n aggravated very fast i know its high. then i check it n yes it's very high. superb video\nplease check this vidoe in case of high bp .only one breathing technique and see the results\nhttps://youtu.be/lr1coygrvxs\nthanks and appreciate your time\nuii health is not just physical health, but also mental, emotional and spiritual well-being. an important part of the healing process for me is to be active in herpes education, support and advocacy. i volunteer in a number of herpes organizations, and in particular positive men, because the impact of herpes on women is very different from men. i was once a herpes positive, i will forever be grateful to god almighty and dr spencer herbal home for reaching me when i thought it was all over, today i am happy with my family living free. after the medical doctor confirmed herpes status negative, after 3 weeks on dr spencer herbs . i have never in my life believed that herpes could be cured by any herbal medicine i first doubted but i have no choice but to trust and believe him and today i am happy to say i am herpes free, he can as well cure the following disease;\nherpes virus\ncancer\nasthma\nchronic disease\nlupus\ndiabetics\nfibromyalgia\nhepatitis b,c\narthritis\nfibroid\nlove spell\nspell to get your ex back\ni want to make sure that herpes never happens to anyone else. we can't prevent herpes by punishment, by stigma and discrimination. it's only through building a safe, supportive and caring environment, that positive people still have hope and they should contact dr.spencer via email:drspencerherbalhome@gmail.comtogether we fight to become healthy. you can also call or whatsapp him via his cell +2348058748415, you can also add him on whatsapp+2348058748415 thanks .\noh. no. - 9034244352 for natural treatment/control .\nfree consultation for diabetes,hypertension, thyroid, weight management, contact/whatsapp 9810016673 dosto iss facebook group ko join karo aur jayeda se jaayeda share karo - yaha humlog bp cure karne kaa tips dete hai edum free - click here - https://www.facebook.com/groups/786328131931864/?ref=share hell every one, my name is eric i am from france: just want to say big thanks to dr mercy who help me to cure my high blood presure i have been suffery since 8 months i have spent so much money on it but did not work until i came across this great man dr mercy who help me with to cure my infection , it 100% sure if you also need his help contact him via drharrymercy@gmail.com or whatsapp +2348141659546 at my youthful age at twenty six years old, i have already begun consuming drugs to cope with my blood pressure level worries. this can be a earliest blood pressure alternative that has ever really worked well to reduce my pressure by natural means. the prescription drugs prescribed to me to take weren't of used any longer after having a month of making use of this manual. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this tip. it calls jason cnobroke not a while ago, in reality just day or two had passed, i attempted to apply this blood pressure level treatment solution and betterment followed straight away. it has stabilized my blood pressure, no question about that. i have found significant development in just something like 20 days of using this approach. after twenty-five days my pressure is normal (for me) 120/55.. using google to get this tip. name of this guide is jason cnobroke\nbest luck folks consider strengthening your immune system, stabilizing your high blood pressure, and high blood sugar by taking natural remedies by cle holistic health. visit www.cleholistichealth.com this blood pressure level remedy is crystal clear, concise, and easy to study. in just 2 nights, i was able to get all facts i wanted from this. i've monitored final results since i began into it. on the thanksgiving holiday, i had it at 148/98 and throughout one month i lowered it further more to 116/78. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this guidebook. it calls jason cnobroke\nall the best greetings, i want to testify how dr.ovie help me to cure my high blood pressure using his natural roots and herbs after taking dr ovie herbal medicine for just two weeks i was totally cured from high blood pressure contact dr ovie via email ovie.miraclemedicine1@gmail.com call or what's app dr ovie on +2349056393169. loves the robot voice. i want to share with you my testimony of how i was cured of\ndiabetes by dr efe i had been affected by this illness for\nthe past three years and i had been up to many hospitals and\nclinics i even tried a surgical procedure but it yielded no\nresults so i heard of dr efe from a friend of mine who has\nbeen helped by him and i decided to try him out although i\nwas affraid of scam but i know all men are not the same and i\ntried his herbal medicine to my greatest surprise he was able\nto cured me within two weeks and then i had my health back\nand want to refer you to him through this contact in case\nanyone needs his help too.drefe4427@gmail.comor whatsapp him on +2349056695533\n. i was cured of high blood pressure with the use of natural herbs. a 49-yrs old woman from the indian. i love herbs so much. most times, injection and drugs are just a waste of time. i was cured 8months ago, i suffered from high blood pressure for yrs but with the help of dr nicohlas herbal home, i was cured within 2 weeks of drinking the herbs he sent to me through courier delivery service. this same doctor also cured my aunty of stroke, as soon as i heard she had stroke, i quickly refer her to dr. nicohlas herbal home and she was cured too after drinking his herbs. i have referred more than 15 persons to dr nicohlas and they were all cured of their various illnesses. have you taken herbs before?. you have spent so much money on drugs, injections, surgeries, etc and yet you have no good result to show for it. he is a herbalist doctor, i assured you of a cure if you drink his natural herbs. dr nicohlas have herbs that cure\n+hiv\n+herpes\n+diabetics\n+asthma\n+hepatitis\n+hbp\n+std\n+cancer\n+chronic etc.\nhe is also a spell caster, he can cast a spell to bring back your ex lover. contact dr. nicohlas through his whatsapp +2348164733926 or email doctornicohlas@gmail.com or https://mobile.facebook.com/dr-nicohlas-110063584212241/?ref=opera_speed_dial share the good news with others once you are cured. thank you this blood pressure level method is crystal clear, succinct, and simple to read. i simply needed two nights (few hours) of looking at the guide to totally completely understand the guidebook. i have personally tracked final results since i have commenced on it. on the thanksgiving holiday, i had it at 148/98 and within four weeks i decreased it further more to 116/78. using google to get this tip. this tip is jason cnobroke\nthanks great information. i would also suggest taking a natural remedy to lower high blood pressure called alistrol. i take 3 capsules per day and my blood pressure has been in the normal range for over 2 years now. www bloodpressurehigh .com i am going to confirm the effectiveness of this guide that handles blood pressure level. another treatment method i have tested out are definitely not long-term in retaining my blood pressure level. this is the 1st which does what it claims. i just require the brief period of time, my blood pressure had gone right down to 145/90 and managed it for some time. using google to get this guidebook. this guidebook is jason cnobroke keep title relevant to the content. @sb i am past that age. @maxine moo ah,also mensuration related problems can cause thyroid,bp and heart related problems @sb actually could make sense. @maxine moo we have 10 air passages in our body(skin,nose,urinary track,etc) and the air must be constantly moving, any blokade in any of these causes multiple blokades which causes pressure in the body and brain,and this pressure is called bp.\ni learned this from a tv program called yogavana hills. @sb really? sus teacher how to lower your blood pressure?\nknow more : https://tossthelife.com/how-to-lower-your-blood-pressure/ i am writing this comment with tears of joy a months ago i found out i was diagnosed with herpes. i was heart broken, however that same month i was recommended to a dr. who helped me to cured the virus with natural herbal treatment now i fully believed on natural treatment iam so happy thanks to dr. odion . contact information: whatsapp+(234)9019421176 or email drodionherbalremedies@gmail.com,you can also visit on youtube,on dr odion. and he also have herbs medicine to cured the following diseases; eczema,urethra wart,chronic problems.herpes, cancer, als,hepatitis, diabetes, hpv,infections,ulcer, asthma, copd. etc i was satisfied with each of the results i find. this treatment plan that i followed has got my blood pressure level to 152/92 at my medical exam at a healthcare center. it has then returned my blood pressure level to a safer level after i had tried it. the guidebook has become beneficial to me. it has assisted to regulate my high blood pressure. i researched about this tip on google. name of this tip is jason cnobroke\ngood luck at my young age at 26 yrs . old, i have already begun using medications to handle my high blood pressure problems. this is the first blood pressure level solution that has ever actually worked to decrease my pressure without drugs. in just a calendar month of sticking with the tips in the book, there wasn't any specific desire for me to consume each of my medicine.. using google to get this guide. name of this tip is jason cnobroke to lower the blood pressure by praying blood pressure control with these 3 easy exercises https://rb.gy/zrpmek im only 16.. and i have hypertension my blood pressure is 147/82... @amrita chakraborty what's your measurements when you take meds? @amrita chakraborty yes take medication i am 20 my blood pressure 145/95....do u take any medicine for ur high blood pressure? be careful with your life that's by far the worst video for high blood pressure. if nothing else just watching this piece of crap made my blood pressure go even higher i utilized this product and uncovered pleasing good results. this treatment plan that i followed has got my blood pressure level to 152/92 at my check up at a health care clinic. once i obtained a fresh supply and started out using it again i found my blood pressure levels return to normal. the manual continues to be very beneficial to me. it has helped to modify my blood pressure level. do you use google? yes, use it to know more about this guidebook. name of this guide is jason cnobroke\nbest a friend closed to me have used also this blood pressure treatment i found on the internet. his hypertension was stroke level 158/120. throughout the help of this program and eating nice and clean, it was able to reduce swiftly normal again. after 2 weeks, he has seen a progressive reduction in his high blood pressure to 128/84. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this guide. this guide is jason cnobroke\nwell wishes here are nine delicious superfoods that you probably already have in your kitchen that will let you eat your way to health:\n1.leafy greens\nthese colorful fresh vegetables are rich in nitrates that help to lower your blood pressure\n2. red beets\nbeets are high in nitric acid which according to healthline can open your blood vessels by reducing inflammation and lowering your blood pressure\n3.bananas plus\nthis morning go-to fruit is loaded with potassium which plays a vital role in containing hypertension\n4.flax and seeds\nunsalted seeds are high in that all-important mineral potassium and other minerals that can help reduce blood pressure\n5.low-fat yogurt\nyogurt and other low-fat dairy products do a good job of reducing the risk of developing hypertension.\n6.nuts and seeds\nnuts and seeds are delicious and nutritious. nuts and seeds provide healthy unsaturated fats, proteins, vitamins and minerals.\n7.oats and oatmeal\noats contain a specific type of fiber called beta-glucan (also found in barley) which medical news today says may reduce blood cholesterol and blood pressure\n8.salmon and more\nfish is a great source of protein and fatty fish like salmon, mackerel are full of omega-3 fatty acids that can lower blood pressure,\n3 easiest, most effective mind/body exercises to lower blood pressure naturally : https://tinyurl.com/y5wbteuf? contact dr aluda for hepatitis a.b.c gastritis, hiv, herpes, fibroid, cancer and diabetes cure....he is a real traditional herbalist doctor +2348145636867 this guidebook is straightforward to read and fully understand. in a matter of 2 nights, i was able to get all information i wanted from it. on keeping track of my blood pressure level, the effects went from 148/98 on thanksgiving celebration to 116/78 within four weeks.. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this guide. it calls jason cnobroke\nwith thanks i started sticking with this hypertension treatment a few days ago and have already witnessed a positive improvement in my blood pressure! it has stabilized my blood pressure, no question about that. in the short time of twenty days, my blood pressure levels lessened. after twenty-five days and nights my pressure is normal (for me) 120/55.. do you use google? yes, use it to know more about this guidebook. name of this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nevery good wish a good friend closed to me have used also this blood pressure level alternative i uncovered on the internet. before, his blood pressure was at 158/120. a result of the program can be seen right away specially if you eat the correct food items. it has slowly decreased and two weeks later with healthier eating his blood pressure is 128/84.. using google to get this guide. this guide is jason cnobroke\nbest stf thank you @doctor_itua7 for helping me got rid of my genital herpes virus which i have be suffering from many year i get a herbs mixture from @doctor_itua7 and it help me cured my genital herpes forever be grateful to you my doctor contact doctor itua on whatsapp+2349078751746 or email him ituadr37@gmail.com i had high blood pressure and obtained treatment to keep it for 2 years, however i began using this high blood pressure plan bloodpressurecontrol99.blogspot.com that i discovered on a month ago. health practitioner informed me blood pressure level is returned to normal and i do not need to put cash into pharmaceutical drugs for high blood pressure level i started sticking with this blood pressure level alternative curebloodpressure6.blogspot.com recently and also have already seen a positive change in my blood pressure! it definitely is stabilizing!!! i have noticed serious development within 20 days of making use of this plan. 5 more days passed and my pressure is at the normal stage at 120/55... . all this time, this guide is the foremost fix for men and women having blood pressure level problem. the guide is crafted in an simple and much less techie terms, which makes it very easy to follow. folks who are unlucky to have blood pressure must have this book. prior to, i have my blood pressure at 120/80, as a result of this guideline, i was in a position to reduce it. using google to get this tip. name of this tip is jason cnobroke\ntake care i visited different hospital but they gave me list of expensive drugs to treat the symptoms and never cured me. a closed friend of mine introduce me to a herbal doctor who cured her of her tuberculosis too . i was scared to contact him because of what i experienced from fake doctors. she encouraged me so i decided to also gave him a try, to god be the glory i was also cured from my tuberculosis of many years and i will always continue to testify to this you can also contact him on dr ehimare herbal home via email. drehimareherbalremedyhome22@gmail.com or whatsapp +2349027349748 .. https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=bbgmxsb3_bu am i allowed to do boxing? nice video clip! forgive me for the intrusion, i would love your initial thoughts. have you heard about - millawdon sustaining life trick (just google it)? it is an awesome one off product for getting rid of high blood pressure minus the normal expense. ive heard some great things about it and my close friend aubrey got excellent success with it. cheers for the video clip! apologies for chiming in, i would love your thoughts. have you tried - millawdon sustaining life trick (just google it)? it is a great exclusive guide for getting rid of high blood pressure without the normal expense. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my work buddy after a lifetime of fighting got amazing results with it. for a long time (close to 2 years), i was maintaining my medication to take care of my blood pressure not right up until this calendar month i came across about this procedure. doctor explained to me blood pressure level is returned to normalcy and i don't have got to put cash into pharmaceutical drugs for hypertension level.. i researched about this tip by google. it calls jason cnobroke\nbest here are nine delicious superfoods that you probably already have in your kitchen that will let you eat your way to health:\n1.leafy greens\nthese colorful fresh vegetables are rich in nitrates that help to lower your blood pressure\n2. red beets\nbeets are high in nitric acid which according to healthline can open your blood vessels by reducing inflammation and lowering your blood pressure\n3.bananas plus\nthis morning go-to fruit is loaded with potassium which plays a vital role in containing hypertension\n4.flax and seeds\nunsalted seeds are high in that all-important mineral potassium and other minerals that can help reduce blood pressure\n5.low-fat yogurt\nyogurt and other low-fat dairy products do a good job of reducing the risk of developing hypertension.\n6.nuts and seeds\nnuts and seeds are delicious and nutritious. nuts and seeds provide healthy unsaturated fats, proteins, vitamins and minerals.\n7.oats and oatmeal\noats contain a specific type of fiber called beta-glucan (also found in barley) which medical news today says may reduce blood cholesterol and blood pressure\n8.salmon and more\nfish is a great source of protein and fatty fish like salmon, mackerel are full of omega-3 fatty acids that can lower blood pressure,\n3 easiest, most effective mind/body exercises to lower blood pressure naturally : https://tinyurl.com/y5wbteuf? i, myself can testify to the usefulness of this treatment plan.a number of other items i've tried only lowered the blood pressure momentarily. this is actually the very first that really does what it says. following a two or perhaps three weeks, my blood pressure level has kept the 145/90 line. together with perfect pressure its now working at 120/70.. i researched about this guidebook on google. it calls jason cnobroke\nbest this is among the most effective blood pressure level remedy i've read through. the manual is written in an easy and much less techie terminology, which makes it very easy to go by. those who are ill-fated to possess blood pressure will need to have this guide. i lowered my blood pressure levels below 120/80 putting into practice this strategy.. i researched about this guidebook by google. name of this guide is jason cnobroke\nbest not a long time ago, in reality just simply day or two had passed, i tried to implement this high blood pressure plan of action and improvement followed straightaway. it definitely is stabilizing!!! i have noticed important development in just twenty days of applying this plan. 5 more days and nights went by and my pressure is at the normal stage at 120/55... i researched about this guidebook on google. name of this guide is jason cnobroke\nbest this guide has allowed me to to lower my blood pressure level (exactly 20-point cut) for two weeks only of using it. nevertheless, exercise for approximately thirty five minutes each day is required in order for this guide to be useful. in general, i feel much better ever since my high blood pressure is less than my normal.. using google to get this guidebook. it calls jason cnobroke\nbest mine is 147/105 allow me to verify the potency of this guide that handles high blood pressure. the other treatment solution i have personally attempted are not long-lasting in preserving my blood pressure levels. there's none other therapy on the market that fulfill what it claims. i just need the brief period of time, my blood pressure level had gone right down to 145/90 and looked after it for a short time. i researched about this guidebook on google. this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nbest allow me to confirm the potency of this guide that works with blood pressure level. some other items i've tried only reduced the blood pressure for the meantime. this is the first which really does what it says. after a couple of weeks, my blood pressure level has retained the 145/90 line. with perfect pressure its now working at 120/70.. using google to get this tip. name of this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nbest not a long time ago, in reality just couple of days had surpassed, i attempted to apply this blood pressure level treatment plan and development followed immediately. it definitely is stabilizing!!! in the short period of time of something like 20 days, my blood pressure levels lowered. after 25 days my pressure is normal (for me) 120/55.. i researched about this tip by google. this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nbest up to now, this guide is the best fix for people getting blood pressure situation. very simple terminology is used to write this, which suggests you'll be able to understand fully and perform. individuals who are ill-fated to possess blood pressure need to have this guide. before, i have my blood pressure at 120/80, as a result of this guidebook, i was in a position to reduce it. using google to get this guidebook. name of this tip is jason cnobroke\nbest all thanks to dr okobugo for helping me with his herbs to cure my herpes virus right now everything is fine thank god for everything, doctor you are the best i ever meet he is real and can be trusted and also he is the best herbal doctor in african you can email him for help : email drokobugo@gmail.com or whatsapp or call on this number (+2348114661980) him can also cure {1}hiv and aids {2} hpv {3}diabetes {4} hepatitis {5} vitiligo {6} blood cancer i want to highly recommend dr.ayomede herbal product's for curing herpes virus, i was able to get rid of my herpes virus completely after using dr.ayomede herbal supplement i ordered from him it nice partnering with dr. ikpoko on youtube in terms of herpes herbal cure that works, he's one of a kind i have spent months studying treating high blood pressure at home and discovered a great website at wilfs calmer plan (look it up on google) greetings everyone. i want to thank god for using dr ovie to help me to cure my herpes, with his herbs. everyone in my street start to call me herpes man, i was in a great pain. because i have herpes, so my friend told me about dr ovie. i contacted dr after two day dr sent me the herbal medicine i started using it the way he instructed me to. after some days i didn't feel any pains and was getting stronger than before and all the herpes symptoms stopped when i went for check up dr told me am negative dr ask how did i get cured i told him dr ovie cured me with his miracle herbal medicine email dr today if you need his help too for your miracle cure via ( ovie.miraclemedicine1@gmail.com ) or contact dr via his whats-app: +2349056393169 also specialize in treating all kinds of illness, herpes virus, hepatitis b, cancer, brain disease, infertility, diabetes and more high blood pressure control lo petkovali ante em tinali em tinakudadhu,ee video lo chudandi\nhttps://youtu.be/akfpgnomqxe my pancreatic cancer was cured by prophet a man called dr idialu with his herbal\nhealing spell/ all thanks to dr idialu for his marvellous work it has be 4years since i have been battling with pancreatic cancer i didn't have\nmuch to say but with all my man i\nwill for ever be grateful to him and god almighty for using dr, idialu to\nreach me when i thought it is all over, with god everything is possible i\nhave never in my man believed that pancreatic cancer could be cured by any herbal\nmedicine. so i want to use this means to reach other persons who have this\ndisease by testifying the wonderful herbal work of dr idialu? bellow follow his web site link ...\nhttps://chat.whatsapp.com/c7pndc9hvvx49sae2x0gi3 bait nag kakaroon ng hign blood ang tao...po what is hybetez remedy and how does it work? i hear a lot of people cleanse their high blood pressure issue inherently with this high blood pressure remedy. i'm so happy today because i am free from herpes (herpes simplex virus-2) infection. i have been having herpes since the past two years now, and i have passed through many different processes in getting cured from the diseases of hsv2 but nothing was working out. a friend of mine introduced me to a dr.breckspeed (best health herbal centre) who sent me herpes herbal remedy and my life get transformed and everything is fine and okay with me. till now i have been going to check up and it is now going to four months and i am still negative...thanks to dr.breckspeed i will never stop telling the world about your good work..contact him on via email: dr.breckspeed01@ gmail. com or whatsapp +1(4045966472) contact him and free from herpes. i see lots of people keep on talking about hybetez remedy. but i'm uncertain if it's good. have you ever tried this high blood pressure remedy? i am a living testimony of how dr. umoru cured me from herpes with his effective herbal medicine which i ordered. you can contact this great doctor for similar issues via email drumoru01@gmail.c\nor you can get more help and information on dr umoru youtube channel. mine is 149 over 74. does it mean i have high blood pressure? my diastolic seems normal though. @laith rafid hello sir, iam 25 year old ,weight=54 ,my bp was 143/83,climate temperature= 16c .is it reason to worry sir please explain . @freaklel i know its not immediately but if you are poor in strength something bad can happen because of blood pressure @freaklel i meant the pressure can make someone pass out if he has other medical conditions, my mom passed out with the exact same pressure. @krysta ly rivera not at all, you're welcome! i don't know what happened that day but i'm feeling much better now. thank you. my grandpa have hypertension iam 25 years old girl. iam fat . my bp is 155/90 .iam on diltiazem calcium channel blocker tablets. but few days i reduced my sodium intake . i lowered eating cheese , salted butter, salt for 2 weeks my bp automatically lowered to 121/82 . (and the another secret is pomegranate juice more than medicine this juice is 1000 times better it reduces bp amazingly) . so you people try this and reply your comments. please use garlic eraly morning 2 pcs @essentialeugene are you ok now hey my blood pressure was 198/87. my mam bp is lies between 130-140/90 if diet and exercise are not working and you find yourself needing to move to step 2 of hypertension management, i have several videos that explain how these drugs work in the body to help lower blood pressure :). the latest video on calcium channel blockers has important patient information to prevent toxic buildup i hv cqird hyprtnsin & gtting prscriptins vr sinc whn i ws twnty six yrs . ld. f ll ptin i hv prsnlly trid sing, \"syut weebly\" (g it) is th n tht hs shwn t wrk n my high bld prssur. in jst fur wk prid f fllwing th tips in th gid, thr wsn't jst but ny rquir fr m t cnsm ch f my mdictin.. more vid. pls.. hii without tablet bp solution contact/watsapp 9917760036 two simple ways to lower your blood pressure\nmassage your ears for 3 to 5 minute each time. (you can do it 2 or 3 times per day)\nrotate your wrists clockwise or counter clockwise often. (you can do it while watching tv)\nthese two exercises has many health benefits.\nmay everyone be blessed with great health and happiness! @kelvin bolton pray to god super high blood pressure don't use salt drink lemen water and drink pomegranate juice.. @kelvin bolton avoid seafood. meditate. don't overthinking. practice zhanzhuang (standing medtation). try be vegan or vegetarian. @ramzan khan are u ok now @judith rey today my blood pressure was 160/110 please can u advise me on my blood pressure amazing....this did work!!!! article on hypertension:\nhttps://healthylivingforyourself.blogspot.com/2016/02/dont-let-it-raise-your-blood-pressure.html ll this tim, \"syut weebly\" (g it) is th bst rmdy fr mn nd wmn hving high bld prssr situtin. simpl vcbulry is mplyd t crt it, which implis y'll b bl t grsp nd d. ppl wh hv high bld prssr cld hv this guid tht i sggst fr dling with this cnditin. i dcrsd my bld prssur lvls bnth 120/80 mking s f this prgrm.. i utilizd this itm nd lrnd fulfilling bnfits. ftr crrying t th \"syut weebly\" hyprtnsin prgrm i discvrd g, my bld prssur lvl ws 152/92 dring my ppintmnt t th mdicl cr clinic. s sn s i btind frsh surc nd bgn tilizing it gin i discvrd my bld prssr lvls rturn t nrml. th guidbk hs bcm vry usful t m. it hs ssistd t mng my bld prssr. does hybetez remedy really work? i see lots of people keep on talking about hybetez remedy. but i'm not sure if it is good enough to fix your high blood pressure issue inherently . it can work in some cases but it can't fix very high blood pressure. i read loads of good reviews on the internet about how hybetez remedy can help you cure your high blood pressure issue naturally . has anyone tested out this high blood pressure secret remedy? what are some ways to cleanse your high blood pressure issue inherently ? i read loads of great opinions on the net about how hybetez remedy can help you treat your high blood pressure issue inherently . has anyone tried using this high blood pressure treatment? 20-pint dcrs in my bld prssur lvl ws th rslt f th \"syut weebly\" 2-wk hyprtnsin trtmnt which i chckd in g. nnthlss, yu hv gt t xrcis fr pprximtly thirty-fiv mints dily. th fling i hv nw is significntly hppy simply bcus my high bld prssr is blw th brdr lin. check this book you forget hypertension.\nhttps://play.google.com/store/books/details?id=w6bxdwaaqbaj *since implementing heron methods a months ago, i just wanted to let you know that i did just one day of the 3 exercises and went from 155/95 to a reading, the very next day, of 121/82. i'm so excited, and i hope to be even lower by the end of the week. i've been on amlodipine and lisinopril for months, and haven't been able to get it lower than 135/90. i am now sleeping much more soundly and my head is much more clear, etc. for more information about heron method, click here :**https://tinyurl.com/yy2443ya?uklm** >* help me my bd is 150/90\nage 25 wi8 57kg mine is 171/91 mine is 152/85 due to anxiety that's way to high ,hope you are fine . i ws hppy but ll f th rsults i find. th trtmnt pln \"syut weebly\" (g it) tht i fllwd hs gt my high bld prssur t 152/92 t my chck-up t hlth cr cntr. it hs thn rtrnd my bld prssr lvl t sf lvl ftr i hd trid it. i us this t hndl my hyptnsin. it wrks fntstic!. t my yuthfl g t 26 yrs f g, i hv lrdy strtd gtting drgs t hndl my high bld prssur wrris. this is th rlist bld prssur lvl mthd \"syut weebly\" (g it) which hs vr ctully wrkd t dcrs my prssur th nturl wy. within clndr mnth f fllwing th dvic in th gid, thr wsn't ny dsir fr m t tk vry n f my mdictin.. this is mng th prfct bld prssur slutin i'v rd thrugh \"syut weebly\" (g it). th mnul is crftd in n simpl nd lt lss cmplx phrss, which mks it supr sy t g by. ths wh find thmslvs nlucky t pssss high bld prssr will nd t hv this bk. i rducd my bld prssur lvl bnth 120/80 fllwing this pln.. i hd risd bld prssur nd btind trtmnt t tk cr f it fr 2 mny yrs, bt i strtd sing this bld prssur pln \"syut weebly\" tht i uncvrd n g mnth g. dctr hs prvn it t. dnt rlly rqir th mdicin in th pst prscribd t m. does hybetez remedy really work? i see a lot of people keep on talking about hybetez remedy. but im not sure if it is good enough to fix your high blood pressure issue naturally . rudy can't jamaica ny 20-pint dcrs in my bld prssr lvl ws th rslt f th \"syut weebly\" 2-wk hyprtnsin sltin which i srchd in g. nvrthlss, wrkt fr rund thirty-fiv r s mints vry singl dy is ndd s tht infrmtin t b ffctiv. in gnrl, i fl hlthir nw tht my high bld prssur is n mr thn my nrml.. how effective is hybetez remedy? we have heard several awesome things about this high blood pressure secret remedy. this bld prssur lvl ltrntiv \"syut weebly\" (g it) is crystl clr, cncis, nd sy t rd. in mttr f tw nights, i ws bl t gt ll inf i ndd frm this. n mnitring my bld prssr lvl, th ffcts gn frm 148/98 n thnksgiving hlidy ccsin t 116/78 within jst thirty dy prid.. 20-pint rdctin in my bld prssur lvl ws th rsult f th \"syut weebly\" 2-wk bld prssr lvl trtmnt which i chckd in g. nnthlss, y will nd t wrkt fr rnd 35 minuts vry dy. in gnrl, i fl fr hlthir nw tht my bld prssr is n mr thn my nrml.. i hd bn plsd with ll f th gd rsults i find. th trtmnt pln \"syut weebly\" (g it) tht i fllwd hs gt my high bld prssur t 152/92 t my xmintin t mdicl cr clinic. it hs thn rturnd my bld prssur lvl t sf nd sund stg ftr i hd trid it. i tiliz this t tk cr f my hyptnsin. it wrks grt!. fr yrs (cls t 2 yrs), i ws mintining my mdictin t kp my bld prssr nt right p ntil this thirty dy prid i rcntly fnd bt this \"syut weebly\" (g it) cur. mdicl dctr infrmd m bld prssr lvl is rturnd t nrmlcy nd i dn't rlly nd t put mny int phrmcticl drugs fr high bld prssr lvl.. not a long time ago, in fact just few days had passed, i tried to put into action this blood pressure level course of action healthighway.com/eikc and progress followed straight away. it definitely is stabilizing!!! in the short time of something like 20 days, my blood pressure level lowered. after twenty-five days my pressure is normal (for me) 120/55.. p t nw, \"syut weebly\" (g it) is th bttr fix fr mn nd wmn gtting bld prssur lvl iss. th mnul is crftd in n sy nd lt lss tchnicl phrss, which mks it supr sy t g by. ppl tht hv high bld prssr cn hv this bk tht i dvis fr ddrssing this iss. prir t, i hv my bld prssur t 120/80, s rsult f this gidbk, i ws in psitin t dcrs it. many thanks, been searching for \"controlling blood pressure with diet and exercise\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you ever come across - handadison pressure amalgamation - (just google it ) ? ive heard some pretty good things about it and my cousin got amazing results with it. please use appropriate title. i came and found nothing related to the title, thumbs down or this one plant based diet with low sodium was how i gained control of my bp. i went from 149/95 to 112/65 after following the \"how not to die\" diet for 3 weeks...i feel amazing! great book, everyone should read it! hey my blood pressure was 198/87. \"how not to die\" diet yes i also stopped eating salted butter cheese and salt for 2week my bp lowered from 152/85 to 121/80. this is among the best blood pressure level remedy i've read through \"zts yuku\" (ggle it). the manual is written in an simple and less technical phrases, which makes it quite simple to follow. individuals with hypertension can have this guide that i suggest for coping with this issue. before, i have my blood pressure at 120/80, thanks to this guidebook, i was in a position to decrease it. . in 14, i have high blood pressure. might be a really bad fever though. my dad has and he gets agree i get agree when he is. and he drinks beer and saying it lowers blood pressure he checked it with blood pressure machine and it said normal but he get agree still. he never quit drinking.\nhelp please. i'm always stressed out he never listens to me and i'm fed up. you mean, he gets angry...not agree this is mng th mst ffctiv bld prssur ltrntiv i'v rd \"syut weebly\" (g it). th mnul is writtn in n simpl nd lt lss tchi trminlgy, which mks it vry simpl t g by. ths wh find thmslvs ill-ftd t hv high bld prssr nd t hv this guid. prir t, i hv my bld prssr t 120/80, s rsult f this gidlin, i ws bl t lwr it. a colleague closed to me have used also this \"nv yuku\" blood pressure level solution i found on google. before, his blood pressure was at 158/120. the end result of this software can be seen instantly especially if you eat the proper foodstuffs. subsequently after 2 weeks, he has witnessed a continuous decline in his blood pressure to 128/84. . a 20-point decline in my blood pressure level was the result of the \"nv yuku\" 2-week hypertension alternative which i looked in google. even so, you will need to exercise for around thirty-five minutes daily. the idea i have now is overwhelmingly happy considering that my blood pressure is under the border line. . i utilized this product and discovered satisfying final results. after performing the \"nv yuku\" blood pressure level program i found on google, my blood pressure was 152/92 during my trip to the health care clinic. as soon as i got a fresh supply and started out utilizing it again i discovered my blood pressure levels go back to normal. the manual continues to be beneficial to me. it has helped to modify my high blood pressure. . mujy bhi high blood pressure ki problem thi jisse mein bhut pareshan tha mene apne ek friend ke kehne pe is 74238-74238 number pe call krke \"divya kit \"mangwaya or use kiya or positive result mila ab mein bilkul thik hu or khushaal zindagi jee raha hoon thanku divya kit thank you so much i've had high blood pressure since i was 25 years old. i had found the hypertensive care pack by the planet ayurveda.after taking that my blood pressure decreased to a normal level in a short period of time. thanks to the planet ayurveda. i'm 16 and i have 163/67. 8789584329 pel content me i'm going to tell you about five common ingredients you probably already have in your kitchen that can cure high blood pressure.\n1) pomegranate juice this elixir has enough medicinal value to earn the name 'wonder fruit.' scottish researchers from queen margaret university have identified how amazing it works for lowering blood pressure.\n2) celery a recent study based in china, published by the national institute of health (nih), hails celery as a great natural option for reducing blood pressure. more than 87% of the participants showed a reduction in blood pressure after consuming celery regularly.\n3) melatonin it's been used for years as a natural sleeping medicine with no side effects. but surprisingly, an italian research study published in the american journal of hypertension shows it also brings blood pressure down while you sleep.\n4) hawthorn hawthorn extract and hawthorn berries have been shown to have very good blood pressure-lowering effects, almost equivalent to prescription drugs. the best thing about hawthorn is that it not only lowers blood pressure, but also strengthens heart muscles.\n5) quercetin a study published in the american journal of clinical nutrition has reported that a 200 mg supplement of quercetin increased levels of nitric acid in the blood, thus dilating blood vessels and lowering blood pressure.\ni recommend you to read this ebook - reducing blood pressure naturally book - the most complete guide to cure high blood pressure without medications download here :https://get-ebooks.website/highbloodpressurebook dont forget hibiscus tea the best thing about the \"nv yuku\" (g00gle it) blood pressure level solution is its easy and uncomplicated content. in less than 2 nights, i was able to gain all information from the it. in combination with a blood pressure level monitor i picked up i was able to take my pressure below 148/98 on thanksgiving to 116/78 in a month. after getting this \"nv yuku\" (do a g00gle search) for keeping blood pressure and trying it a week ago, i discovered the visible difference in my blood pressure levels. it definitely is stabilizing!!! after 20 days of everyday use my blood pressure is down! the standard pressure for me was 120/55 and i was able to reach this with simply 25 days in this plan. i'll vouch for the potency of the \"nv yuku\" (look it up on g00gle) that handles blood pressure. some other items i've attempted only decreased the blood pressure level for the moment. i'm glad i discovered this since it works. after a couple of weeks, my blood pressure has retained the 145/90 line. under normal conditions, my blood pressure has become 120/70. many adults around the world deal with hypertension, also called high blood pressure. if you have poorly controlled high blood pressure, increasing your intake of vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and omega-3s could improve your blood pressure readings. visit also\nhttp://www.hashmidawakhana.org/reduce-blood-pressure-naturally.html right after discovering this \"yumkum shocking guide\" (do a g00gle search) for keeping blood pressure level and looking it a week ago, i recognized the visible difference in my blood pressure levels. it helped maintain the normal rate! in the short period of time of 20 days, my blood pressure decreased. right after twenty five days my pressure is normal (for me) 120/55. thank you for the video...shame there are so many crack pot sales men and women below in the comments pushing their wares there are a few factors in reducing high blood pressure naturally . one resource i discovered that succeeds in merging these is the wilfs calmer plan (check it out on google) it's the most incredible resource i've heard of. look at the amazing information . i spent only one month and a half following the recommendations in solving blood pressure level issues \"yuku shocking plan\" (g00gle it). i'm overweight, diabetic person with stage ii diabetes, and also have hypertension. i had to pass a d.o.t. physical. my blood pressure went from 155 to the normal level of 136 and my weight was 13 lbs lighter. i keep track of my blood sugar levels and it is now 125-130 when compared to the last time which was always somewhere in the 160s. i had hypertension and took medication to maintain it for 2 years, but i started out this blood pressure plan \"zts yuku\" that i seen on g00gle recently. within my next visit to the clinic, the doctor said i did not need to take medicine simply because my blood pressure lessened back to normal. there are a few components to treating high blood pressure naturally. one plan i discovered that successfully combines these is the wilfs calmer plan (check it out on google) it's the no.1 resource that i have ever seen. look at all the amazing information . excellent video clip! excuse me for chiming in, i would appreciate your thoughts. have you heard the talk about - millawdon sustaining life trick (do a google search)? it is a smashing one off guide for getting rid of high blood pressure minus the normal expense. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my gf at very last got amazing success with it. *you must know that drugs can never help you to win against high blood pressure .they can give you a temporarily relief. however, by changing your lifestyle habits you can keep your blood pressure under control* . learn more at http://www.healthrevenant.com/0zig \"zts yuku\" (g00gle it) is among the list of top methods of resolving blood pressure. simple language is utilized to write it, which means it is easy to fully understand and do. individuals with high blood pressure could have this book that i suggest for dealing with this problem. i lowered my blood pressure level below 120/80 using this plan. \"zts yuku\" (g00gle it) is among the list of best methods of solving blood pressure. it's written in clear and understandable language and is easy to follow. i strongly suggest this book for everyone wishing to lower his or her blood pressure level. i dropped my blood pressure level below 120/80 following this plan. this is among the best blood pressure solution i've read \"zts yuku\" (g00gle it). simple language is used to write it, meaning it is easy to understand and do. i strongly suggest this book for anybody desiring to lower his or her blood pressure. my blood returned to the normal 120/80 right after pursuing the advices on the program. i found this blood pressure solution \"zts yuku\" (google it) for my close friend. his blood pressure level of 158/120 was dangerous. i opted for clean eating and this to get it down swiftly and it did. in 2 weeks his blood pressure reduced to 128/84 because of healthy eating. high blood pressure, also known as hypertension, affects millions -- even children and teens . *here a 100% safe and proven way to lower your blood pressure quickly and permanently from 190/120 to 116/74 just in 17 days* ->\nhttp://www.healthrevenant.com/how-to-treat-hypertension high blood pressure, also known as hypertension, affects millions -- even children and teens.*here a 100% safe and proven way to lower your blood pressure quickly and permanently from 190/120 to 116/74 just in 17 days* -> mine is 160/100, plz help how? pink sheep is teaching us biology lolololol is hybetez remedy helpful to cure your hypertension safely? we've read numerous good things about this hybetez remedy (just search it on google). interesting points ,if anyone else trying to find out high blood pressure remedies try trefendous simple pressure tips (just google it ) ? ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my colleague got amazing results with it. sometime i can not move my head while sleeping.i feel tooo heavy.wats the reason?\nlol melina shahi your dreamjng there are several components to treating high blood pressure at home. one plan i discovered that successfully combines these is the wilfs calmer plan (google it if you're interested) without a doubt the best guide i've seen. check out all the unbelievable information . hello the greatest info that i have ever had was by using the wilfs calmer plan (i found it on google) - definately the most helpful info i've tried. i'm investigating reducing high blood pressure naturally and found a great website at wilfs calmer plan (check it out on google) i'm researching treating high blood pressure naturally and discovered a fantastic website at wilfs calmer plan (look it up on google) you'll be able to put an end to hypertension forever from now on - even if your doctor says to you that it's impossible. hey friends health care has provided symptoms of high blood pressure bb\niziipjjyfg.lppk this video is inform you what is your may blood pressur good info the best results that i have ever had was by using the wilfs calmer plan (i found it on google) - definately the most helpful info i've tried. thanks for the video! apologies for butting in, i am interested in your initial thoughts. have you considered - millawdon sustaining life trick (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for getting rid of high blood pressure without the hard work. ive heard some super things about it and my friend at very last got astronomical success with it. thanks for the video clip! apologies for the intrusion, i am interested in your initial thoughts. have you researched - trentvorty live easy theorem (search on google)? it is a smashing one of a kind product for curing blood pressure without the hard work. ive heard some awesome things about it and my mate at last got cool results with it. excellent video content! forgive me for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you ever tried - sayerdsan vein flow secret (erm, check it on google should be there)? ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my work buddy at very last said good bye to the frustrating blood pressure stress with it.\nnice video! sorry for the intrusion, i would love your thoughts. have you heard about - sayerdsan vein flow secret (erm, check it on google should be there)? ive heard some awesome things about it and my m8 removed the annoying blood pressure issue with it. nice video! excuse me for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you tried - sayerdsan vein flow secret (sure i saw it on google)? ive heard some incredible things about it and my close friend aubrey after many years said ta ta to the uncontrollable blood pressure problem with it. thank you for viewing this page! we would greatly appreciate it if you would like, comment, and subscribe. thank you again! interesting points ,if anyone else needs to find out about lower blood pressure try nevolly overcome bp nerd (do a google search ) ? ive heard some decent things about it and my co-worker got cool results with it. there are many components to treating high blood pressure at home. one plan i found that succeeds in merging these is the wilfs calmer plan (check it out on google) definately the no.1 plan that i have ever heard of. check out all the great info . i have spent months investigating top natural treatment for high blood pressure and found a great website at wilfs calmer plan (check it out on google) interesting points ,if anyone else trying to find out what is average blood pressure try cypouris prevent pressure coach ( search on google ) ? ive heard some great things about it and my work buddy got cool results with it.", "likes": "4732", "channel": {"name": "Rehealthify", "chanenelID": "UCB5a4eG55pmif3c2OXodIYw", "subscribers": "89200"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 106.0, "keyword": "Elevated blood pressure", "rank": 5, "consine similarity": 0.12451456127293807}
{"id": "JtBtk00EiVM", "title": "Hypertension - High Blood Pressure, Animation", "views": "1115695", "date_published": "2018-02-13", "description": "(USMLE topics, cardiology) Blood pressure: systolic and diastolic; hypertension: guidelines, causes, risk factors, complications, treatment, antihypertensive drugs. This video is available for instant download licensing here:  https://www.alilamedicalmedia.com/-/galleries/narrated-videos-by-topics/hypertensioncholesterol/-/medias/d8cadc84-432b-4925-8e36-16ceeb86ffe0-hypertension-narrated-animation \u00a9Alila Medical Media. All rights reserved. Voice by: Sue Stern.  Support us on Patreon and get FREE downloads and other great rewards: patreon.com/AlilaMedicalMedia All images/videos by Alila Medical Media are for information purposes ONLY and are NOT intended to replace professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of a qualified healthcare provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Blood pressure is the force the circulating blood EXERTS on the walls of blood vessels. It is different in different types of vessels, but the term \u201dblood pressure\u201d, when not specified otherwise, refers to ARTERIAL pressure in the SYSTEMIC circulation.  When the heart contracts and pumps blood into the aorta, during systole, the aortic pressure RISES, and so does the systemic arterial pressure. The maximum pressure following an ejection is called the SYSTOLIC pressure. In between heart beats, when the ventricles refill, blood pressure FALLS to its lowest value called the DIASTOLIC pressure. THESE are the 2 numbers on a blood pressure reading.   Blood pressure normally shows a daily pattern and is usually lower at night. During day-time, it fluctuates with physical activities and emotional states.  Hypertension refers to a PERSISTENT HIGH blood pressure. In the US, high blood pressure used to be defined as greater than 140/90, but recent guidelines have changed these values to 130/80 to better prevent and treat the condition. Normal blood pressure is BELOW 120/80. In practice, blood pressure is considered TOO low ONLY if it produces symptoms. Hypertension does NOT cause symptoms on its own, but it slowly DAMAGES blood vessels, and in the long-term, is a MAJOR risk factor for a variety of cardiovascular diseases such as stroke, aneurysm and heart attack; as well as end organ damage such as renal failure or vision loss. For this reason, hypertension is known as the \u201cSILENT killer\u201d.   Hypertension can be classified as primary or secondary, with the former being responsible for over 90% of cases. Primary hypertension has NO apparent cause and may develop as a result of old age, obesity, high-salt diet, lack of exercise, smoking and drinking. Most commonly, the blood vessels are hardened with age or unhealthy diets, making it harder for blood to flow. Secondary hypertension, on the other hand, is caused by an underlying condition. Many conditions and factors can cause hypertension; most notable are kidney problems and endocrine disturbances.   Regardless of the cause, the INcrease in blood pressure is produced by EITHER an INcrease in vascular resistance - narrower or stiffer blood vessels; OR an INcrease in cardiac output \u2013 larger volume of blood pumped out by the heart. These 2 factors are the targets of antihypertensive drugs. Treatments must start with life style changes such as healthy, low-sodium diets, physical exercise and stress management.  On top of that, antihypertensive agents may be used to control hypertension. These include:  - Vasodilators: these drugs DILATE blood vessels, thereby DEcreasing vascular resistance and reducing blood pressure. - Diuretics: diuretics promote sodium and water removal by the kidneys and thereby DEcrease blood volume.  - Drugs that DEcrease cardiac output by decreasing heart rate or contractility, may also be used to treat hypertension.", "tags": ["yt:quality=high", "anatomy", "animated", "antihypertensive agents", "arterial stiffness", "atherosclerosis", "blood pressure", "cardiac output", "cardiology", "cardiovascular", "cholesterol", "circulation", "circulatory system", "complications", "conditions", "diastolic blood pressure", "diseases", "drugs", "essential hypertension", "etiology", "high blood pressure", "hypertension", "hypertensive", "medical", "medicine", "pathology", "physiopathology", "primary hypertension", "secondary hypertension", "systolic blood pressure", "vascular resistance"], "comments": "my bp was 193/121 today just drink water and walk every day it's going to get lower maina 1 baid ji se desi dawa le sirf 4 month woh desi dawa li aur bp ki problem jad se khatam ho gaya, isliya unka waasup n he de diya yha maina apna nam ka sath strange how the threshold for hypertension has gone down in recent years. could it be that the big pharma just want more people taking their drugs? unhealthy diets (processed foods) are what causes all non-contagious diseases and obesity!!! i'm like 16 and my blood pressure was high it was like 156/120 same bruh and i when to the doctor last week they said it at 132/80 and i still feel weak till i eat i feel lil better can anyone tell me why i really get it when i lay on my stomach sometimes? i will almost feel faint even. i do have diastases recti, possibly even a small umbilical hernia, could that have to do with it and if so why? for me #1 is stress my dad always gets a heart attack good amazing video, i liked how you explained with figures. it made me understand easily. thankyou so much watching this after getting a freaking 150 over 90 . saying salt causes this is such outdated information. salt is only an issue when you are already wildly unfit. thank you for good news my blood pressure now is 132/76. a lot better but still a bit elevated. without doubt , it's an interesting video showing us what hypertension is , but i'd like to add a natural cure for hypertension .garlic is the fastest natural herb to adjust the blood pressure . i eat it when i feel the symptoms of hypertension . very clearly explained.... quite resourceful my bp is currently 184/123. i am supposed to be taking medication for it but i can't afford it. am i going to have a stroke? yes u could get a stroke what you neeed to do as soon as possible is stop eating meat stop eating oils sto eating added salts the best option for you is to do. a 7 day water fast only that's what will lower ur blood pressure safely please see a doc or hospital asap. you can have a heart attack any moment. i'm 19 years old and i have high blood pressure...everything turns upside down for me since lockdown...i first checked randomly my b.p on 2020 and it was high..since then it's been high...2020 was the worst thing that happened to me i was very anxious ..psychological things and i suffered a lot n stuff ..i think that is the one that causes me high blood pressure... i checked everything if it's a secondary hypertension but all the tests came fine...i workout 4 or 5 days a week...don't smoke, drink nothing..so it's most likely primary hypertension which sucks... anyways if u came all here reading it..thanks love you all.... if u have a same story like me pls share @abenezer shiferaw is that the only pill you take ? how many do you take i take losartan potassium 25 mg and a anxiety pill @c-10 livin literally like literally i'm gonna start tomorrow calcium blocker .... i've been hypertensive for 3 years now @0329mikey do you take a blood pressure pill too? @abenezer shiferaw hey man your not alone i'm 19 as well and i have high blood pressure idk if the cause is overweight or anxiety but i've lost 100 pounds and still have it i think it's stress and anxiety witch sucks cause i don't eat salty foods no more i need a solution i also take a blood pressure pill do you ? @baldwin bro i'm telling u i live a healthy lifestyle i'm very fit i weight 72 kg 5'7 ...i think my high intensity workouts are the one that's raising it p i'm 29 years old and i'm not active at all. i used to be an athlete as a teenager and in my early 20's, but i but i noticed when i stop becoming active, my blood pressure elevated from 130-145 random, but let's say i got for a one mile run it goes down why does that happen ? bad genes ? any recommendations of what may lower high blood pressure. i want to say that i actually have high blood pressure since sometimes it goes past 130 0:26 heart to heart: care for your heart naturally (karma unlimited books) paperback december 12, 2017\nby letha hadady (author, illustrator), michael foster (author)\n4.7 out of 5 stars 10 ratings\nsee all formats and editions\nkindle\n$0.00\nread with kindle unlimited but you should also inform people about the effects of hypotensin i guess i have extremely high blood pressure it was checked at 235/179 bro you're transcending space and time god bless all since the age of 19i have had extremely high blood pressure at its highest it was 186 121 at its lowest it was 155 101 i am currently taking five different blood pressure medications i do not smoke, i do not drink that i am overweight; i am now 57 i wasn't overweight when i was 19 there is not one single dr in the united kingdom can tell me why i have high blood pressure i have now been diagnosed with labile hypertension just another term for the doctors not having a clue @c-10 livin check ur all blood work ....ecg, ekg ,....ultrasound of ur kidney ...e.t.c. ...just tell ur doctors u want to check if it's secondary hypertension @abenezer shiferaw question how do u check if it's secondary hypertension? @anonymous do you take blood pressure medication? @rakesh l mayhem green tea contains caffeine. my blood pressure is 180-90 i dont do exercise but most of the time i drink green tea only thanks i wish everyone who reads the comments health and happiness to you and your children. good luck !!! aamiin aamiin yaroball allamiin ya allah i'm facing hypertension i want heart attack which kill me quickly .how can i get it can systolic & diastolic pressure be equal? equal in the hundreds.. yes and that would be an emergency type of situation good thanks thanks brother thanks a lot for the valuable medical information i have tested my cholesterol and i is normal, ecg is normal , rebal doppler is also normal but my blood pressure is 170/110!!!! what should be the cause? i am confused same here very informative\nthanks for sharing i have hypertension i've had it since i was 14 years old my personal guess as to what causes it is because i had asthma for 8 years and i'd use a breathing treatment that used steroids now that i am 17 i am a healthy athlete not obese or have any secondary conditions my doctors have said they don't understand what causes it but as to what does i am lost if anyone knows what could be the cause i'd like to know did you get a check for sleep apnea? reduce carbs best way to keep distance from high blood pressure try to forget most of the mistakes others do merci god bless you all this video is helpful to me with the ageing, one can be comfortable with their increasing bp readings that must not be damaging to the organs.the total peripheral resistance is uncreased due to atherosclerosis which is considered normal .. high blood pressure valla manushulu chanipothara lmao i'm so dead high blood pressure valla urine infection amaina problema medam pregnancy girls ki na wife delivery ciserian tharvatha na wife urine raledu how medam na wife chanipoeindi high blood pressure valla imean for your wife ki dialysis cheyali anni cheparu? renal shut down aitey acid levels blood lo undi stop ayyindhi.\nanduku mee miss ki heart attack vochindi.\nmeeku dialysis cheyali ani cheparasir very useful to this current pantamic situation, kindly keep cool in your maind and feeling, this video will gives clear picture very useful to all tention party. very useful to this pantamic situation, kindly keep cool your felling, all this changeable , but our fate will not change, keep going to reach your goal that is only change your current feel. i had a thanksgiving dinner. i had turkey, dressing, broccoli, and cranberry sauce. i took my blood pressure and it was 158/87. is this too high or should i lower it? reduce salt n oil. hnn my heart is fine but i need to cut back on salt and exercise. i saw the cardiologist who did an ekg test. veri high.u need the high bp medicine. great informative video! 4x600 thanks a lot for clearing my doubt...... i saw many videos.. but this one is at high level super!!! gooood eat fresh plant based food. praise god to keep mind positive daily. faith is big pillow. positive attitude is power of mind. believe in urself and not in a mythical god. eat healthy and get plenty of excercise. science works. can getting mad rose blood pressure ? ... ... this video is really helpful......thanks..... wow... good it was checked already thank god no kidney problem create the habitation correct cholesterol blood clots in the veins no kidneys problems please i want some of the animations to use in some awareness video. please let me know so that i can process please purchase them from our website: https://www.alilamedicalmedia.com/-/galleries/all-animations\nyou will get to download non-watermarked versions of the videos for your use. nice. sir make a vedio for cardiac care technology please please please please please please pl sir please reply me my age is 27 last 3 years i have 140/90 bp,currently checked ecg,eco & kidey ultrasound its all are normal but bp is 140/90 what is the reason @mary lou irick sir i am 15 my bp is 159/80 diet change. last year i had 160/90.. i stopped eating sugar and salt and packaged food. started intermittent fasting. now it's 120/80. @ruthran ruthu don't worry bro. everything will be fine. eat plant based food. praise inner beauty god daily. faith is big pillow. @parth sarathi tq bro but i feel before lunch, i get very nervous and heavy switting,i feel body vibration but my sugar level is normal it perticularly happens in ever day afternoon.my ecg,eco and kidney test,thyroid all are normal very informative thanks diet\nless salt\nloising kilo\negzising\nlees alchool and less cigarettee\nless cafe or put border sir please make a video on how to become a cardiovascular surgeon all about ur heart and mind. be happy, praying is good , eating\na lot of veggies ! no soda, fast food. do ur walking and think of something nice. thank u about hypertension. i have what i think to be a complete break through for getting a low blood pressure reading. bring someone you trust or love like your family to the appointment or store where you're getting testedi tested high at walgreens then got home with my family tested and immediately had 117/88 vs walgreens 141/100 so i went back with my family and tested 120/84 bingo it's like separation anxiety i don't know but it workedobviously exercise and decrease caffeine sodium update: september 6,2021- cut out milk except for maybe 1-2 days per week this is likely causing the high blood pressure it worked magic on me and helped lose weight before this i kept the weight although i ran 8-13 miles so cut the regular milk limit intake. i eat cereal right out of box and drink water separately as if i'm eating chips and drink water same thing there is already a medical term for what you just described my blood pressure is 105/175 age 35 what i do my age is 21 and have 175 bp reduce salt,weight, bmi\nwalk more\navoid all refined oil and meat dishes\neat lot of fruits and vegetables.\navoid stress, tension, anger hospital. a diastolic level above 120 is a hospital visit. forget about sodium. worry about sugar in the diet. sugar raises insulin which retains sodium in the kidneys\nkeep your insulin low with low carb high fiber diets, and you'll excret excess sodium like a king ;) after pathology vipin sir's class hypertension & diabetes are sisters\n(both are more similar than different)\n(older sister) hypertension (1896)\n(younger sister) diabetes (1899)\n(diabetes looks up to hypertension)\n(since diabetes causes hypertension)\n(diabetes wants to be just like hypertension) i have hypertension may i ask a question ?\ncan it be cured .? i am 21 and my bp reaches upto 175 take ur meds, be happy, humble ur heart plus purity ur heart due 2 god is pure hypertension can't be cured but, dietary changes ,,exercise,and reduction of stress can help manage it. do you have instagram i have the same probelm we can discuss hypertension... artery's worst enemy. now make my hearbeat less strong. nice overview from which software that you make vedios i love ur channel thank you finally i understand blood pressure! all your videos are so well explained!! thank you it's treatmentt good explanation thank you very interesting information... thanks very much,very useful thnkx true i love this since i was 26 years of age, i had been already encountering high blood pressure and i needed to get medicine. i had been glad i discovered \"nv yuku\" (g00gle it) sooner because my blood pressure level lowered to the natural level using its help. after pursuing the advice of this author, in just one month i only need to take half my medicines. nd i'm 16 nd i'm suffering from this good. try to upload 3-4 videos per week.... nice voice!", "likes": "10077", "channel": {"name": "Alila Medical Media", "chanenelID": "UCiTGKA9W0G0TL8Hm7Uf_u9A", "subscribers": "912000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 229.0, "keyword": "Elevated blood pressure", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.07014306238318944}
{"id": "oO9id3bUFtg", "title": "How can I lower my hematocrit levels quickly?", "views": "501", "date_published": "2022-03-10", "description": "More About What Is Hematocrit \u2022 How can I lower my hematocrit levels quickly?", "tags": ["all about what is hematocrit", "answer", "frequently asked question", "how can i lower my hematocrit levels quickly", "more about what is hematocrit", "question and answer", "what is hematocrit", "whys"], "comments": "can drinking grapefruit juice help? or do you have to eat it? * do you have a questions? insert a comment below, e.g.:*\n\"question: what's the most pleasant sounding accent?\"", "likes": "7", "channel": {"name": "People\u00b7WHYS", "chanenelID": "UCXt_sqiQHLMkFFykBDbfMdw", "subscribers": "17000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 206.0, "keyword": "Elevated hematocrit", "rank": 21, "consine similarity": 0.19611613513818404}
{"id": "TXpoBvOhi58", "title": "Hematology \u2013 Elevated Hemoglobin: By Karima Khamisa M.D.", "views": "73202", "date_published": "2016-11-07", "description": "medskl.com is a global, free open access medical education (FOAMEd) project covering the fundamentals of clinical medicine with animations, lectures and concise summaries. medskl.com is working with over 170 award-winning medical school professors to provide content in 200+ clinical presentations for use in the classroom and for physician CME.  Hematology \u2013 Elevated Hemoglobin Whiteboard Animation Transcript with Karima Khamisa, MD https://medskl.com/Module/Index/elevated-hemoglobin   Polycythemia refers to an elevation in measured red cell concentration, reflected by markedly elevated hemoglobin levels (typically above 185 g/L in males, 165 g/L in females) and hematocrit levels.  Polycythemia may be a \u201crelative polycythemia\u201d resulting from dehydration or volume contraction or an \u201cabsolute polycythemia\u201d where there is an increase in the number of red cells. Absolute polycythemia may be primary or secondary.  Primary Polycythemia (or polycythemia vera) is caused by a mutation in the kinase that stimulates red blood cell production i.e. the JAK2V617F mutation. Patients can be tested for this mutation, which is positive in 80-95% of patients with polycythemia vera. Secondary polycythemia is due to conditions such as sleep apnea or hypoxia that stimulate erythropoietin (EPO) to produce red cells. Inappropropriate erythropoietin production is seen in patients with rare tumours. Medications such as synthetic EPO and testosterone can also stimulate red cell production.  Patients with polycythemia vera can be asymptomatic. However they often suffer   Hyperviscosity symptoms (headaches, vertigo, burning at the extremities)or Thrombotic symptoms such a deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolus, hepatic vein thrombosis, myocardial infarction, stroke or digital infarcts/critical limb ischemia.  Patients may also have symptoms of gout, heartburn or pruritus due to excessive histamine release from mast cells. Patients can also have bleeding symptoms.  Once a diagnosis of polycythemia is made, a referral to a hematologist for further management is appropriate. Medications that may be contributing to polycythemia must be stopped. Smoking cessation can often normalize hemoglobin levels, and this must be strongly encouraged in a patients with all forms of polycythemia.   In patients with polycythemia vera, therapeutic phlebotomy is indicated to reduce the hematocrit to 45%: ASA 81 mg a day is started and a cytoreductive agent such as hydroxyurea may be initiated by a hematologist.   The primary care provider has a role in managing cardiac risk factors in patients with polycythemia (hypertension, hyperlipidemia and glycemic control) as the most common cause of death in patients with polycythemia is due to thrombotic complications.", "tags": ["medskl.com", "FOAMEd", "clinical", "animation", "medical", "school", "CME"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "523", "channel": {"name": "Medskl.com", "chanenelID": "UC54htze_JB0zz9H6oAbMOJQ", "subscribers": "77200"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 211.0, "keyword": "Elevated hematocrit", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.10101525445522107}
{"id": "4sS9fdRG_18", "title": "Do You Have A Sleep Disorder? TAKE THE TEST HERE!", "views": "375", "date_published": "2020-04-27", "description": "Wondering if you have a sleep disorder? Today I'm having you take a test to know if you need to see your doctor about whether or not you might have a sleep disorder! So when in doubt - TAKE THE TEST! Hopefully you find it helpful!   The test is measured by the Epworth Sleepiness scale. You will be tested from many questions and you will have to score them 0,1,2 or 3. Then at the end we will add up your score and we will know if you have a disorder or not.   If you have any questions, I would be happy to answer them down below in the comments!   Subscribe for new videos every week \u25b6 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCj-UWBknQRoGziTvKBoA62g  Let\u2019s connect:  IG: Dr.AmmonHills: https://www.instagram.com/dr.ammonhills/  For any additional advice, I am happy to help. Schedule a consultation here: 435-538-5947  Find more information about me at https://alpineortho.com/dr-hills  MEDICAL DISCLAIMER The information provided is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.  Never disregard professional medical advice, or delay in seeking it, because of something you have read on this website.  Never rely on information on this website in place of seeking professional medical advice.  #Sleepdisorder #DrHills #takethetest", "tags": ["Dr. Ammon Hills", "Dr. Hills", "Sleep Study", "Sleep Disorders", "Sleep disorder Test", "Do I have a sleep disorder?", "take a sleep disorder test", "How to take a sleep disorder test", "pain management doctor", "pain management", "sleep apnea", "Epworth Sleepiness Scale", "sleep disorder"], "comments": "18 :-0 oh dear thanks for the knowledge. i'm sure it's going to help those who suspect but aren't sure if they have a problem. just found your channel today, and subscribed. i'll be binging on it for a while! i like your relaxed, self-confident, and informative style. the 15 years of school video was great, i like to know the backgrounds of people, and especially those who are caring for others. god bless you in your practice, as you bless others. thanks so much deborah! so glad you found me. i just started on here and was very nervous - but i'm kind of getting the hang of things. god bless. - ammon", "likes": "12", "channel": {"name": "Dr. Hills Pain Management Doctor", "chanenelID": "UCj-UWBknQRoGziTvKBoA62g", "subscribers": "12600"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 265.0, "keyword": "Epworth Sleepiness Scale", "rank": 9, "consine similarity": 0.11909826683508273}
{"id": "YiKUXlfWdsA", "title": "Signs you should consider a sleep study", "views": "261", "date_published": "2016-09-15", "description": "Sleep studies are used to measure various indicators that identify what\u2019s causing sleep problems.   A common misconception is that a person doesn\u2019t need as much sleep as they get older. The truth is that the need for optimal sleep does not change. If a person is sleeping less as they age, it may be because of an undiagnosed sleep disorder.   Males tend to experience sleep disorders more than females. Getting appropriate care for a sleep disorder is important because it can significantly impact a person\u2019s health and lead to other disease processes.   If you experience the following symptoms, it may be a good idea to consider a sleep study.  1. Sleepiness 2. Snoring 3. Apnea (when you stop breathing for a period of time) 4. High blood pressure 5. Morning headaches 6. Irregular sleep patterns.   The Epworth Sleepiness Scale is a test that can be found online that helps identify the presence of a sleep disorder. Based on the results, a person should follow up with their primary care physician to determine if a sleep study should be conducted.   Those who have a sleep study at the CTMC Sleep Center can expect a great staff and comfortable environment. We are focused on patient satisfaction. Once we receive a physician referral, we expedite the authorization process, schedule an appointment and report back to the patient\u2019s physician as soon as possible.   For more information about the services at the CTMC Sleep Center, call (512) 753-3612.  Tony Garcia, RRT CTMC Director of Cardiopulmonary Services", "tags": ["sleep study", "San Marcos Sleep Center", "sleep apnea", "sleep disorders", "sleep", "sleep center", "sleep center San Marcos", "CTMC Sleep Center", "Tony Garcia RRT"], "comments": "great vid!! awesome information!! very informative info. i liked this video, a lot of good info.", "likes": "5", "channel": {"name": "CHRISTUS Santa Rosa Hospital - San Marcos (Previously Central Texas Medical Center)", "chanenelID": "UCx4Iy7F5fgoWTR0Wpnxse3g", "subscribers": "507"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 147.0, "keyword": "Epworth Sleepiness Scale", "rank": 22, "consine similarity": 0.15491933384829668}
{"id": "LideJlY9cAk", "title": "Gasping for Air: Life With C.O.P.D. | The New York Times", "views": "113612", "date_published": "2008-07-31", "description": "NYTimes.com - One woman improved her overall health after being diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  Subscribe to the Times Video newsletter for free and get a handpicked selection of the best videos from The New York Times every week: http://bit.ly/timesvideonewsletter  Subscribe on YouTube: http://bit.ly/U8Ys7n  Watch more videos at: http://nytimes.com/video   ---------------------------------------------------------------   Want more from The New York Times?   Twitter: https://twitter.com/nytvideo   Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nytimes   Google+: https://plus.google.com/+nytimes/   Whether it's reporting on conflicts abroad and political divisions at home, or covering the latest style trends and scientific developments, New York Times video journalists provide a revealing and unforgettable view of the world. It's all the news that's fit to watch. On YouTube.   NYTimes.com - Gasping for Air: Life With C.O.P.D. http://www.youtube.com/user/TheNewYorkTimes", "tags": ["New", "York", "Times", "Gasping", "Air", "Health", "Life", "C.O.P.D", "chronic obstructive pulmonary disease", "pulmonary", "lung disease", "pulmonary disease", "nyc", "New York City (City/Town/Village)", "The New York Times", "NY Times", "NYT", "NYTimes", "Video", "nytimes.com", "news", "newspaper", "feature", "reporting", "hospital", "doctor", "doctors", "Pulmonology (Medical Specialty)", "pulmonologist", "lung", "lungs", "short of breath", "Medicine (Field Of Study)", "copd", "can't breathe", "breathe", "breath", "couldn't breathe", "Bronchitis", "Emphysema", "Chronic Bronchitis"], "comments": "copd isn't always the result of smoking. i have had a life of severe asthma and now have copd, i have never ever smoked. i have be battleing with copd since 2013 but i am glad right now that my condition swiftly changed positively as i can now breathe normal as every other person after undergoing copd herbal remedies from dr.schneider lon on youtube i wonder if she's still alive will i get better i've stop smoking it's been 4 months now i can tell mine is not \"being out-of-shape\". my doctor dismissed me fully this last time, so i went straight to cardiology because my mvp is acting up, and you have to get in right away if it changes. i tried to jog and it was like hitting a brick wall with breathing. i couldn't push through it like you can when you are out of shape. so, i'm scared. my father was a smoker for forty years.he started when he was a teenager in high school in the early 1950s, and continued to smoke about a pack a day until he quit in 1995. for years he thought \"you know? 1 smoked for forty years, and i got away with it no. no he didn't. in 2014, nineteen years after he had quit smoking, he started noticing that he was having trouble with wheezing and feeling like he was out of breath a lot. he was diagnosed with early stage copd. for the first year, he was able to get by with simply using rescue inhalers once in a while, but by late 2015 he needed supplemental oxygen. at first, he could get by on the lowest tank setting of 1 liter per minute, but as time went on he needed an oxygen concentrator at home and he needed more and more oxygen. last year (2020) he was up to the oxygen concentrator's highest setting of 5 liters per minute, even while just sitting down. by this time i had moved in with him to take care of him. sometimes he would be gasping for air, and he would ask me \"son, is the machine on? i just can't get enough air\" in december my father got covid-19, and his condition worsened, our hearts melted every moment as we watched him gasp for breath,we were sure he would die any moment, by the time i started reading youtube comments,i stumbled upon a comment that said there is an old chinese man that cures this ailment ,i quickly contacted him and ordered the herbs with my father's money because he wouldn't need it anymore cos he would die any moment,i received the herbs in two days and from that moment he used the herbs, he began to feel better and better, few weeks later, he was completely cured, i thank you for reading this story about my father's experience with copd. if you know someone who is a smoker, and you love them, please encourage them to quit. we love daddy.all thanks to dr shen weng.if you have this ailment, email me on\nsamcheng365@gmail.com and i will send you dr shen's contact details even the misfortunes end with the propaganda at the siege. i have copd also heart problems astma i'm 59 years old and female. i was diagnosed a couple of years ago withcopdand i was beyond scared! my lung function test indicated 49% capacity. after having had flu a year ago, the shortness of breath, coughing and chest pains continued even after being treated withantibiotics. i've been smoking two packs a day for 36 years. being born without a sternum caused my ribs to be curled in just one inch away from my spine, resulting to underdeveloped lungs. at age 34 i had surgery and it was fixed. unfortunately my smoking just caused more damage to my already under developed lungs. the problem was having is that i enjoy smoking and don't want to give up! have tried twice before and nearly went crazy and don't want to go through that again. i saw the fear in my husband and children's eyes when i told them about my condition then they start to find solution on their own to help my condition.i am an 59 now who was diagnose copd emphysema which i know was from my years ofsmoking. i startedsmokingin school whensmokingwas socially acceptable. i remember when smoking was permitted in hospitals. it was not known then how dangerous cigarettes were for us, and it seemed everybody smoked but i was able to get rid of my copd lung condition through the help of total cure herbal foundation my husband bought, please email dr for your cure on [ovie.miraclemedicine1@gmail.com]has the right herbal formula to help you get rid and repair any lung conditions and cure you totally with their natural organic herbs,it class products at affordable prices. purchase these medicines and get the generic medicines delivered in usa, uk & australia,i wish anybody who starts smoking at a young age would realize what will eventually happen to their bodies if they continue that vile habit throughout their life contact him via whatsapp no +2349056393169 address good luck. get out from here u scammer she motivates me they knew it would be worse in 2020 how??? i've had copd ,emphysema, asthma,congestive heart failure and now asthma.. all starting around 2014.. i smoked for about 35-40 years.. worked with all kinds of building materials and metals... and something's , i didn't want to know what we were working with.. i'm about done, not much more that can be done for me at this point.. but i really want people to understand something:: when ever we hear ( lung disease ), it's assumed that he or she was a smoker. for most , this is a true fact, but for a very big part, it's not the case.. work environments, air quality and overall things we come in contact with each and every day, put so many people a risk of getting some type of lung disease.. if you smoke , please do your best to stop.. that cuts it down to by more than half.. the companies that are knowingly pushing diseased and uncleaned air out into the public , along with others who are selling products that are made from lung disease and cancer causing materials.. these are some of the other things that need to be addressed , no just smoking... but still, it you are a smoker, quit now !!!!!! all thanks to dr martins abul who helped me with a cure to get rid of my lungs infection, thank you sir for saving my life.. i salute this woman. she has decided to make the best of a bad situation. we wish you the best. you're a such a motivation i'm 17 i've been smoking for two years and i'ma try and quit today i'm 21 years old with copd. diagnosed about 7 months ago. i've been told it's very rare for someone my age to have it, i feel pretty cheated. you're not supposed to develope this until you're older, 40, 50 +. so that's fun.\nmy parents are gifted chainsmokers, pack after pack after pack daily for a bit over 40 years, it's the only thing they were ever good at besides doing just enough drugs to avoid an overdose but get high.\nbut here i am, the one that suffers with the disease. i'm gonna be on an oxygen tank because they smoked. isn't that funny how life works?\ni've been alive 21 years and haven't lived a single day, all i've known is abuse and misery. by the time i'm finally on my feet and happy, i'll be knocked back down into the dirt once i start needing to lug around a tank just to breathe.\ni can't breathe just sitting with no activity, i need to gasp for every breath. speaking is exhausting. any activity beyond walking and talking is near impossible for more than a few seconds. i'm suffocating very slowly, it's so hard and painful. @love always wins love always wins nu te vindeca dumnezeu de asa ceva omule omg same, i dont even fcking smoke that much, i get like 1 pack a month and only smoke one cigarette when i'm stressed. im only 25 and im suffering for it now, yet there are 60 year olds been smoking through packs a day and nothing happend to them. this isn't fair. i feel like i get punished for everything i'll pray for you may the lord heal u! god is good never give up on him! smoking is only part of it, infections like non tb and steno superbug is taking my husbands life. awful awful , i feel for anyone struggling\nwith copd. i wonder if our air has a lot of mold in it now ? aspergillus etc ? i was diagnose copd and emphysema, and before i received herbal prescription from multivitamin herbal cure, it was affecting my day-to-day activities. for example, i wasn't able to get dressed in the morning without reaching for my oxygen. difficulties with small things like this also caused me to hesitate over going out to do errands or have dinner.\nall that changed in december 2018 after i received my herbal treatment at multivitamincare . org i can now leave the house without bringing my oxygen concentrator along. i also noticed that my wheezes less, and my attitude has become much more positive. i even gained back my weight and improved my daily activities. i'm a strong advocate for other chronic lung disease patients seeking help from multivitamin herbal remedies and says, \"what they've done for me and my life, it's been almost a miracle.\" i got tested of herpes early this year, i experienced dark urine and ribs pain so i went to the hospital for treatment and i was diagnosed of herpes. the doctor gave me anti-retroviral drugs to slowdown the viral load which later worsens the ailment because the drugs weren't effective and i was so scared because they say it has no cure, out of frustration i told my friend about it and luckily he told me he ones battled same problem in the past but he was saved by dr. abumere. he gave me his contact and reached him and i became well and tested negative after the treatment. here is his contact if you have such case. contact: +2349021975055, (doctorabumrer6@gmail.com) that dr is correct it is the number 3 killer in 2020 my battle with emphysema started over 9 years ago which i finally got rid of with the help of organic treatment..i had the disease for over 9 + years..i'm in a good health now because multivitamin herbal cure formula improve my condition drastically..the last time i went to the emergency pft which is this year january i was told that my lung and breathing are working perfectly which was the help of this herbal medication..i don't have breathing problems anymore(shortness of breath)..the multivitamin herbal cure build up my lungs gradually after completing their prescription ,am able to cough it up no problem....i also met a lung specialist who told me that my lung is working perfectly so we don't have to give it up because today i am here telling the world about my final victory with emphysema with the help of multivitamin herbal care and the help of their natural herbal products and roots to cure and heal me completely from emphysema disease within the range of 15 weeks that i used the herbal medication. and if you have this kind of illness , there is no need to waste money on corticosteroids or zephyr valve, or allowing doctors to waste their time on you instead why don't you go get herbal products from multivitamincare.org use it and see for yourself and they also cures and heal other diseases, it very important you recommend this formula to anyone at there suffering from this illness people don't know they exist . i wonder if she's still there, it's been 12 years. @brittany kathleen is she anywhere on the internet? she indeed is! getting cured from (copd) after using herbal medicine was a dream come through after 3 years of being diagnosed. i got in contact with dr alaho olu on youtube who helped me with natural roots.. my depression and shingles ends immediately i finished using dr madida herbal medicine. i thought it was real when i saw on dr madida youtube channel that his herbs can cure all disease and virus until it prove it activeness in curing my herpes virus i was on bronchodilators and other inhalers for my emphysema, it kept getting worse with severe shortness of breath. my primary care provider adviced i try a more natural approach and referred me to herbal healthpoint, i immediately started on their copd formula. the herbal formula treated and reversed my lungs condition. go to their web page ww w. herbalhealthpoint. com. the shortness of breath, mucus and others stopped after i completed the treatment. how incredible it feels getting back your good health after many years of been sick, i owe my thanks to dr madida on youtube for his assistance of curing my herpes virus with his herbal medicine how i got cured from hpv virus i was diagnosed of hpv virus and i have tried all i can to get cured but all to no avail,,until i saw a post in a health forum about a herbalist man who prepare herbal medications to cure all kind of diseases including hpv virus,at first i doubted if it was real but decided to give it a try, when i contacted this herbalist via his email and he prepared a hpv herbal cure and sent it to me via dr azuka delivery company service, when i received this herbal medicine, he gave me step by direction on how to apply it,after applying the way i was instructed,i was totally cured of this deadly disease called hpv,, all thanks to dr azuka.call or whatsapp this great herbal doctor via his whatsapp him via:(+2348121174112)\n) he can also cure sickness like\n{1} celiac disease\n{2}diabetes\n{3}epilepsy\n{4} acne\n{5} hpv\n{6} shingles\n{7} hepatitis\n{8} hemorrhoids\n{9} yeast infection.\n{10) copd\n(11) add etc i'm ian venamore i was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) in my mid-fifties. today i'm an active volunteer member of lung foundation australia and chair of the associated copd patient advocacy group (cpag).i also participates in international meetings with the goal to change the future of copd recognition, diagnosis and treatment.i am a strong advocate for pulmonary rehabilitation and attends to gym classes \"religiously.\" i am also a firm believer in and proponent of patient education and self management. i obtain this cure from an africa home of herbal roots for traditional treatment and they are 100% active and effective,which make it very difficult for science to discover or believe this traditionally cure, try your luck if you are chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patient, their contact is as follow. healthmedlab@gmail.com their website: www.healthmedlabclinic.com recommended by ian venamore their satisfied previous copd cured patient a living witness. last two years ago, i began to do a lot of research and learnt about a copd herbal treatment from richherbs foundation and their success rate, i immediately started on the treatment for my copd, i experience reduction/decline in major symptoms, including shortness of breath and wheezing. visit rhf page ww w. richherbsfoundation. c om. its been over 2 years since treatment, i feel great he estado sufriendo de cancer desde los ultimos 6 anos, pero hoy estoy feliz de haberme curado de el, con la medicina herbal hecha por el dr. azuka el gran sanador, estaba navegando por internet buscando ayuda cuando encontre un testimonio compartido por alguien sobre como el dr. azuka la curo de la enfermedad del cancer. rapidamente me comunique con el para obtener la cura y hoy estoy libre del virus. tres semanas despues de usar la medicina herbal dr azuka, mi herpes desaparecio por completo, estoy muy feliz hoy de tener a alguien como este gran sanador. por favor, senor, siga con su buen trabajo porque hay gente que necesita su medicina curativa. dr azuka puede preparar medicamentos a base de plantas para todo tipo de enfermedades. herpes, vih, cancer, hepatitis b. diabetes, ultimas frios, sifilis, vhb, vph, ets, curacion del cancer, curacion de la diabetes, anillo de oido, curacion del acv, curacion de las verrugas, cura del vph, curacion de la als, agrandamiento del pene, hepatitis beta herpes. contactelo ahora para obtener ayuda +2348121174112 i was diagnosed with severe copd and emphysema at 48. i had lvrs (lung volume reduction surgery) a year later, which i am forever grateful for it actually led me to multivitamincare .org . i have read some of their stories online before using their natural herbal formula ,i had very hard time breathing then, and even more so at night, it was so bad i can't sleep. i get up with a tight chest that feels blocked and can't breathe well at all,i was excused from normal life responsibilities but natural herbs from multivitamincare org really helped a but sometimes i think is god prodigy that i was able to treat my chronic obstructive pulmonary diseasebut multivitamin care herbal formula has a big impact on my recovery because my heart condition has been fully reversed . they do things for me, and was too happy to comply with their service. this is a equitable of a way to get of your copd emphysema . *i was able to cure my herpes virus with a herbal medicine i purchased from dr madida on youtube * did you work in the prison force or did you want to work in the prison board and also there is a sister who's passed around you i was diagnosed with severe copd and emphysema at 48. i had lvrs (lung volume reduction surgery) a year later, which i am forever grateful for it actually led me to multivitamincare .org . i have read some of their stories online before using their natural herbal formula ,i had very hard time breathing then, and even more so at night, it was so bad i can't sleep. i get up with a tight chest that feels blocked and can't breathe well at all,i was excused from normal life responsibilities but natural herbs from multivitamincare org really helped a but sometimes i think is god prodigy that i was able to treat my chronic obstructive pulmonary diseasebut multivitamin care herbal formula has a big impact on my recovery because my heart condition has been fully reversed . they do things for me, and was too happy to comply with their service. this is a equitable of a way to get of your copd emphysema . use your mind to heal this try it use your vaccum the air is polluted can't breathe with oxygen can't really be breathing without air period i was never diagnosed with a lung disease but sometimes i feel like i need to gasp for air but i cant, it happens randomly or when i'm running to fast. i think i have copd , i cant get tested because doctors and hospital think you have covid symptoms . . any way i used paul mckenna hypnosis, it wont make you stop smoking but it may help keep you stopped, i have been stopped for 14 months with hypnosis, only if you want to stop, then it works . . . try homeopathy medicine https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xskkwbdx0hs#action=share for breathing problems wtf can the mind halt this for the past few years i have had difficulty working out in yard, then in 2017 it got harder and harder to breathe. after many tests, it was a ct scan that showed copd, emphysema and scarring in my lungs. i quit smoking 8 years ago but the damage has been done. i got to a point i couldn't catch my breath and was coughing so hard i thought the top of my head would blow off, nothing was really working to help my condition. finally i came across herbal rich herbal gardens (ww w. richherbalgardens. c om) december 2018 and learnt about their successful herbal therapy for copd. i immediately started on the copd treatment; few weeks into the treatment, i began to notice a reduction in symptoms till it all vanished. i feel better and breath better. i just wanted to share for people suffering from this horrible lungs disease. i have best team a person can have to help me with my excercise. feels trash to be low on oxygen (i got asthma) and it is widely not understood surprisingly. i think we should increase awareness of what its like and for conditions like copd encourage stopping smoking. few years ago, i began to do a lot of research and came across herbal healthpoint (w w w . herbalhealthpoint. c o m) and their copd herbal treatment. after seeing positive reviews from other patients, i quickly started on the treatment, i experienced significant reduction/decline in major symptoms, including the shortness of breath. its been over 2 years since treatment, i live symptom free every night i feel copd set in and i can't even walk across the room. i know mine is not from smoking though. would you mind telling me more about it? i'm 21, and i'm going through the same thing. i hope you're doing better, thank you. prsy and use your mind to heal female , 300 pounds , diabetic, and smokes . all things are possible through christ i am praying god heals this disease. god help us i suspect that copd will be directly related eventually to insulin resistance, diabetes type 2, inflammation in the circulatory system and the repeated assault on the endothelium layer in the inner surface of all the blood vessels of the body. the keto diet many help tremendously in reducing the inflammation and damage it does to all organs in the body. the lungs which are so dependent upon a good supply of blood would be also damaged by inflammation which is present in all diabetic type 2 people or anyone eating a high carbohydrate low fat, vegetable oil diet. my grandpa 100 years old been smoking since he was in the military at 20 and is a healthy person smoking is a really good for relaxation he made you mad again just stop richard king no i have severe copd. i smoked for forty-nine years. my o2 level when resting is about 89-90%, but upon any activity at all, it drops to the low eighties or high seventies and develops into respiratory failure. my va doctors put me on all the traditional medications but would not give me home oxygen which i thought i needed. so, i got my own through a company called boost oxygen which is 95% pure aviators' oxygen. during a breathing crisis, i used it and got my o2 up to 98%, but it did not help me to catch my breath or stop my breathing crisis, not even a little. i was so let down. i have respiratory failure daily and my doctors want me to go to the er, but i refuse because i get over them in ten to fifteen minutes; i don't want to be going to the er/hospital every day. do i think that the hospital can make it better? probably a little, but it's just delaying the inevitable. i am on a one-way trip on a dead-end road. i can't save myself, but i can help to save my smoking neighbors; i let them see how much i struggle to breathe and my suffering. i constantly tell them that you can get away with smoking for decades, but smoke damage is accumulative, eventually you cross the line into copd. i tell them if they don't want to end up like me, then stop smoking anyway you can. i believe those of us with copd have an obligation to spread the word, smoking causes debilitating and deadly copd... many years before i am 47 and with a saturation of 91.94 and i am destroyed plus with ankylosing spondylitis which aggravated my disease by pulmonary fibrosis and ribs glued to the neck as well as the anterior chest etc. @d c .pentru mesteri just after writing my upper comment almost three years ago, i was put on home oxygen, set at 2 liters a minute while sedentary and 4 liters while active. the oxygen helps a little bit, but i'm constantly struggling to breathe in spite of it. i now have care providers taking care of me because i can't do any physical activity without going into respiratory failure. i have the same problem as you, my lungs are so damaged that they can't absorb much oxygen. i'm still here, but i don't know for how much longer. i turn 66 next week, but i don't think i'll see 67?... so it is with bpoc stage 3,4 and oxygen doesn't help me much anymore that in my lungs to keep oxygen if they are destroyed in proportion of ,, 85 i am not sure of the cause of copd emphysema in my case. i smoked pack a day for 12 or 13 years, but quit 40 years ago. i have been an outdoor person all my adult life. coughing started last summer producing thick mucus, greenish tint to clear. i tried prednisone and antibiotics, but no change. x-rays are negative, heart lungs and blood and serum chemistries all are normal. i have lung calcification from childhood bout with histoplasmosis. i am 75 years old and retired.my current doctor directed me to totalcureherbsfoundation .c om which i purchase the copd herbal remedies from them ,they are located in johannesburg, the herbal treatment has effectively reduce all my symptoms totally, am waiting to complete the 15 weeks usage because they guaranteed me total cure. i love this woman my sister was having copd and was feeling great difficulty\nin breathing. she was having breathing difficulty at night time because it\naggravates at night. the whole family was very much worried about this. one day\ni was watching a movie on youtube and suddenly opened a site which was named as\nplanet ayurveda. i opened it, read about the whole products and online ordered\ncopd care pack. my sister took medicines for about 3 months and got good improvement\nin her symptoms. dr michael greger has evidence that copd is reversible :\nhttps://nutritionfacts.org/video/treating-copd-with-diet/ feeling guilty, i'm sure my husband does. but everyone needs to remember this; cigarette smoking was romanticized years ago on the movies, later on t.v. there was no indication smoking would cause harm at all. my husband really started having problems as he smoked the menthol cigarettes. those tobacco companies were spiking that tobacco with horrible chemicals to addict people. the general public was being misled also, it isn't just the fault of the current patients. it sure does help to walk a lot, keeping fit always makes you stronger. i am 50 with copd and not needing any medical intervention. been a smoker since age 8 @alan clark ce are de-a face dumnezeu cu cei 50 ani omule ? people have been smoking 2 packs a day for decades and they still work with dust during construction and not all bodies are the same. @mofo just found out i have heart problems and still smoking dude, i can't stop. what if someone has cystoplasma i what if someone has anyone, please who has fought and overcome this disease?may help others.if i stay alive for some years, i will make full efforts on research and share my findings for the benifit of all sufferers. research the cancer drug potentially to cure copd another amazing potential stem cell inhalation drug in research. we not only need to research but to pray god healing and enabling researchers bring forward cure i have been declared with copd a week ago, after severe asthma attack for about 3 weeks..it was allergic asthma in 2011, got treated for about two moths and remained all right for about 8 years without any medicine. remained pack smoker for 40 years and left smoking now, 3 weeks ago, cold turkey.will fight , but how to improve breathing? is quiet a difficult question, found no authentic answer from any corner as yet. im already out of breathe shampooing my hair and brushing my teeth shaving... when i get worse then i am now i will get agun and blew my head off before i go though that don't do that pray and when god calls you, you will go please lord help john get that devil off his neck! i feel like you so hope researchers come up with something that actually works na .. you dont need to .. just get healthy .. ten at the end, get on some good morph and ride it out smoothly she drove and walked ----when i can't breath ---i can't move----period---i can't even stand up @ben lee i can't get out of the shower..or sometimes, off the couch.. i just don't move... but you have too, no matter what... do you best to keep your body moving. i got to a point where i just couldn't do anything.. then i got sick of being sick, as people say; but really, i was doing nothing for myself, not pushing myself to just get up and take two steps.. then get to the bathroom, next day , take a shower. so on and so on.. it's not about how fast we're doing it, it's just about getting it done...if it takes me all day long to just pick up the living room, so what.. it's done , i was going slowly and being careful not to over do it. and i really felt good about moving around and then looking around and thinking to myself;; it's not over yet , i might be alright for a little bit longer. @sica h i really know what you're talking about... i've gotten back home from the hospital.. start to see a rehabilitation tech ,at my home. everything is going good , starting to feel better, move a little bit more.. then , with out warning, right back in the hospital. this time, it's a little worse than before.. but you don't give up, you start over again and again and again.. my problem is, with everytime i'm back in the hospital and get back home.. and start doing rehab class again, i find out that i don't even have the strength that i had before.. i keep thinking that it's going to build it self back up over time.. but it's not, it's only getting harder each time.. but i've got to keep trying , at least i'll know that i did my very best, and i'm alright with that. keep going forward , you can and will do it. i freeze up, afraid to move at all.. because if i do, i'm going to lose that last breath.. i've never felt so scared and afraid and alone.. @ben lee i don't know but research cancer drug for copd also i do not know but trying command cell therapy commanding cells to heal stop right people heal your self command cell therapy also look at research cool smoking satisfaction ? cannibus oil must be made legal for copd patients. it has proven to help so many i'm 29 years old i have asthma and in 2015 i had a severe asthma attack it end and stopping my heart but i'm actually doing better now this test needs a big upgrade to this millennium. this spirometry has been used in the united states since 1796...people aren't told how to take the test, and those numbers are ever changing...how about a test from at least the 20th century. this is a money maker for alot of people...it's got to be cured and stopped. exactly, what has the copd foundation done in all these years...there certainly not the heart association nor the cancer association...how much money does those board members make... a travesty. my father died two weeks ago today from copd. he was an extremely heavy smoker and smoked 4 packs of cigarettes a day for 35 years of his life. he quit smoking almost 30 years ago. when i was a kid, i had numerous lung infections from his secondhand smoke including pneumonia at 5, bronchitis when i was 11 and pneumonia again when i was 14. at about the age of 15, i had thought about starting to smoke, but i'm so glad i didn't start. even though he quit a long time ago, the problems my dad had with his lungs caught up with him in the final 4 years of his life. he had blood clots in his lungs, and this is what did him in at the end of his life. he had so many health problems that when treating one problem (blood clots), it created other problems (internal bleeding caused by anti- clotting drugs he was given). he was also in a lot of pain due to the blood clots and they had to give him stronger and stronger pain medication that suppressed his ability to breathe. if you haven't started smoking, don't start! you'll thank yourself later for making this decision when you're young. @dont mind me that's sad that you would blame your parents even though they were chainsmokers and you were around it you still could have gotten copd without smoking i would think you would be more educated than that not to mention a little bit more respectful to your parents @liz trainer they would probably smoke tea leaves, or something like that. i'm so very sorry. hugs to your family. i'm 21 years old with copd, diagnosed about 7 months ago. i have my heavy chainsmoking parents to thank for that. they also smoke about 4 packs a day, but i'm the one that suffers for it. i can't breathe just sitting, i'm gasping all the time. speaking is exhausting, anything beyond walking and talking is impossible. after a small conversation, i always need a few minutes to catch my breath. there's no fixing me, doctors said it can only be slowed down. so, thanks \"family\". they birth me, suddenly no longer want or love me, abuse me, give me all these mental illnesses and handicapts, and now the icing on the cake is living without the basic necessity of breathing. i'm slowly suffocating, i'm suffering and i wish it would just be over already. it's so painful and debilitating. i can't do normal daily tasks without getting winded.\ni'm sorry about your father. i'm soooo sorry, i'm loosing my husband right now , he can't breath and there's nothing the doctors can do ,\nhe's in hospital now i may not even get to see him many more times he's so thin , so near to the end.\nhe's only 42 but smoking and mold did the damage. i don't know what to do. i'm lost wiihim, he's kind and loving\nand it seems so unfair, i had no idea he was even dying but this is a horrible illness. stay strong as you can and don't be\nalone too much. well done for telling pinot to smoke , but also mold is bad on smokers , we all need to clean our lungs a bit\nas even mold is more in atmosphere than ever before.\ni wish i knew how to help my hubby , i wish you had your dad back too. if you are smoking throw away your pack right now!!!!! i'm suicidal, though...why i started in the first place. once u quit smoking , your health improves a lot . chances of having cancer or having a fatal disease after quitting depends on variety of factors such as how long , how many you have smoked smoking introduce a pathogen into the lungs that continues to proliferate, so even people who do stop still have a chance of dying from this disease years down the road. as a copd suffer in my last stages which my pulominary doc told me i was in 2 yrs ago, i am still able to live indendently do things for myself but i do get way way short on breath and it takes for ever to recover i use my 02 most of the time now in the house. the best thing you can do with this is to stay possitive and to eat right to keep you're weight up we copd sufferers burn mega calories it takes more energy for us to do the simple things, so yea please stay possitive and keep that weight a healthy weight... to continue...i now am back to normal living....of course you must quit smoking. start using herbs instead of drugs....do your research. also read up on osha root from mountain rose herbs. couple drops on tongue replaces an inhalers. asthma too. read up on this! all lung problems and sleep apnea also. inhaling...peppermint essential oil stops wheezing. educate y ourself and take your own life back. bijoulover8 your words of encouragement are appreciated. i've never smoked but have had a few jobs over the yearsthat were bad for my health. at 51 yrs old they've been gaining on me and now i've got this situation in front of me. i refuse to accept this without a fight and i will take my life back. the medicines you get from your dr only apply a bandaide and not make you heal and get better. i was like her 6 yrs ago.....couldn't dress myself ...husband had to bathe me. couldn't even walk across the floor. dr gave me a lot of steroids...inhalers...etc. i gave them back to him. he said, i would be in a wheelchair and on oxygen in a year if i didn't use them. i told him that i was going to try and cure myself and not bandaide my disease. by the way....thank your gov. for putting all those chemicals in our tobacco to cause our disease in the first place. no chemical medicine for me. read the book....one minute cure......hydrogen peroxide is a great start, but you must read and understand this book. i put a cap full every night in a cool mist humidifier with no filter....and distilled water. amazing results. you must use 35 percent food grade hydrogen peroxide, amazon has. i also put several drops in several ounces of water to drink daily. start with 1-2 drops. i am 50\nplease come sa hi on my channel badpom why do you come on every channel, trolling for subscribers. it's not cool at all. stop. jean, you are one of my heroines.......you are a inspiration to all of us!! many blessings to you. i will pray for him i know he's really struggling to breathe he's trying the best as he can i salute her courage and determination. mgwilt wonder what how much she makes from the copd foundation? and, has she had special treatments advancements. i would bet on both. abraco vh x cigarettem habeas? videoblurbs, good for you! there is always, always hope. i am going to school to be a patient advocate and am learning about copd. keep the good thoughts!", "likes": "498", "channel": {"name": "The New York Times", "chanenelID": "UCqnbDFdCpuN8CMEg0VuEBqA", "subscribers": "4120000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 340.0, "keyword": "Gasping for air during sleep", "rank": 8, "consine similarity": 0.06537204504606134}
{"id": "leskf-_IsdM", "title": "Sleep Apnea", "views": "48762", "date_published": "2017-01-12", "description": "Sleep apnea is a serious sleep disorder in which breathing repeatedly stops and starts.    The most common form is Obstructive Sleep Apnea.    OSA occurs when the soft tissue in the back of the throat relaxes causing your airway to narrow.    When your airway repeatedly becomes blocked it limits the amount of air that reaches your lungs.    Your brain senses this inability to breathe and briefly awakens you from sleep so that you can reopen your airway.    This awakening is usually so brief that you don't remember it.  You may make a snorting, gasping or choking sound.    This may happen a few times a night, or in more severe cases, several hundred times a night.  People with OSA may not be aware that their sleep was ever interrupted.  If you think you may have this form of sleep apnea, contact a physician.  Sleep apnea is treated with lifestyle changes, mouthpieces, CPAP (Continuous Positive Airway Pressure) breathing devices and in extreme situations surgery may be required.", "tags": ["CPAP", "Breathing devices", "sleep apena", "breathing", "blocked airways", "Obstructive airways", "Sleep disorder"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "205", "channel": {"name": "Elara Systems", "chanenelID": "UCmdRz1dx9emtqLr4wBkq6Nw", "subscribers": "39100"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 77.0, "keyword": "Gasping for air during sleep", "rank": 10, "consine similarity": 0.12451456127293807}
{"id": "8dctKQ8wPV0", "title": "Mobility Stretches to Help Relieve Tension Headaches", "views": "59223", "date_published": "2019-06-24", "description": "Learn more about tension headaches from Airrosti\u2019s Dr. Casey Crisp. He demonstrates a few simple exercises you can do throughout the day to help take tension off of your neck and back. This will help prevent painful headaches from disrupting your routine.  http://www.Airrosti.com (800) 404-6050  Social Networks: Twitter: http://Twitter.com/Airrosti Facebook: https://Facebook.com/Airrosti Instagram: http://Instagram.com/airrosti Pinterest: http://Pinterest.com/airrosti", "tags": ["airrosti", "rehab", "pain", "injury", "tension headaches", "relieve tension headaches", "tips for relieving headaches", "top 3 ways to relieve", "headaches and migraines", "stretches for headaches", "headache (symptom)", "headache relief"], "comments": "didn't do anything sir does tension headache cause high blood pressure? brilliant, simplemdvice. thank you! my arms stay long enough to do that last one! omg mine hill in 2 seconds thank you so much it suddenly less hurt after long hours of tension in head, there's a sudden circular wave like thing of cooling feel that burst out and expand in my brain, any tips for that? @milk nah i'm fine now ur dead ay, i just had that feeling on my head. on top of my head go doctors if you still have that problem let me know hey, in my head some a tension moving to muscle of leg, and it is very awfull tension. does this video help me? @jack cr same. often neck exercise helping how's it now", "likes": "460", "channel": {"name": "Airrosti Rehab Centers", "chanenelID": "UC2A8LW3z5SZhFc2iaY_SQLA", "subscribers": "31100"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 77.0, "keyword": "Headaches", "rank": 25, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "OO5oDaG45kE", "title": "Cluster headaches: 'Like someone is grabbing your face' - BBC News", "views": "372251", "date_published": "2017-05-06", "description": "Researchers hope a new project will provide relief for sufferers of cluster headaches.  Please subscribe HERE http://bit.ly/1rbfUog  World In Pictures https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS3XGZxi7cBX37n4R0UGJN-TLiQOm7ZTP Big Hitters https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS3XGZxi7cBUME-LUrFkDwFmiEc3jwMXP Just Good News https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLS3XGZxi7cBUsYo_P26cjihXLN-k3w246", "tags": ["cluster headache", "cluster headaches", "headache", "headaches", "cluster", "bbc news", "bbc", "news", "symptom", "research", "youtube", "video", "migraine", "cluster headache attack", "pain"], "comments": "masturbation works for a while(male), i tried in several attacks, and works until you are done, after that, the pain is strong again, must finish the circle of time, if you masturbate all the cycle,, when you are done, maybe is over, until next cycle comes, obviously. this message is not a joke. i suffer from migraines and cluster headache attacks, i'm still awaiting to see a neurologist referred beginning of jan 2022 after 10 years going backward and forward to doctors and hospital.\nmy cluster headaches are horrific, i have smashed my head against walls hoping for relieve pain causing myself to have a form of whiplash. the right side of my face looks like i'm having a stroke, nosing running, intense pain like i have never felt before around my right eye and back of it; deep inside my left side of my head. i take triptians unfortunately they do not help, its a case of riding it out.\ncluster headaches are also known has suicide headaches as they have drove people to end their pain. i cant take it anymore. if my mum and my bf weren't alive i would of killed myself years ago! i am a cluster headache sufferer of 23 years i get them every winter so right now i'm in the pits of hell and nothing can help me except the change of season i hope to die when its attack raw veganism cures it. @a tad bit a' history mine is cured, how long were you raw vegan? no it doesn't. i've been having them since i was 11, more painful than anything i've ever been through @sledge27 thanks, much love so sorry to hear that, terrible at such a young age i don't have cluster headache but i have thunderclap headache i just had one for the first time, i'm flying in to work , the guy next to me could tell something was going on but i didn't know , that shit hurt experienced one so bad last night i was sweating and then threw up profusely that's horrible and everything. but did he just say megrain not migraine i think this is worse then cancer on some points i am not saying cancer is not hard to live with but damn i hope this is something we find something to counter as fast as humanly possible sya menderita cluster headache sejak 2011 sampai sekarang 2022 pun sakitnya datang secara berkala kadang sakit 3 bulan berturut2 kadang hilang 3 bulan.. dan itu diselingi dengan pindah kiri atau kanan bagian mata. saking sakit dan frustasinya saya pernah berpikir untuk mati saja. i've been suffering for about a year it's horrible nothing helps ! some things may ease the pain but it never fully goes away! does anything you do help? new crispy chicken pretzel fries at burger king crunchy pretzel on the outside tender juicy white meat chicken inside new crispy pretzel chicken fries or try original chicken fries only at burger king verapamil saved me from cluster headaches i get clusters. i feel for these people. my own kids would say they are just headache. they say i overreact. until a dr at the er. he said you better pray you don't get these. hi my name is clarence.. im one of these people that get these cluster headaches and let me tell you it hurts soo damn bad.. i get these cluster headaches every few years and when it comes, it stays with me for 2 weeks and during these two weeks the headache would last about hour to two hours and then it would stop for about half hour giving me a break from it, then it would start up again for another hr or 2 and this goes on everyday n night for two weeks, it always happen on my one side of my brain, right behind my eye, not eys. but one side and it feels like someone is sticking there one finger on the one side my brain and moving there finger around in it.. when this happens avoid crying or taking tylonal 3's it juss makes it worse.. you have to be in pitch black and quiet place and dont think juss concentrate on the pain going away.. trust me it works i mean it doesnt last that long and if it comes back juss keep going to a dark quiet room... and it even hurts when i would think.. sounds stupid but thats the truth @t. d. thank you i wish you the best and i hope these cluster headaches never happen again to you i think this is severe migraine attack.. i have suffered with these most of my life starring at around 13 up around 45. i have not had any in 10 years now following long term use of verapamil in large quantities to alleviate an atrial fibrillation in the heart. the drug was never intended to counter the clusters but as a side effect it appears to have done. it's actually now being used as a preventer not sure if it's also a cluster head aches, but here is my experience. i get a headache around every 9 am to 12 pm everyday for almost a week. its a painful throbbing sensation around the eyes and forehead that gets worse when bending my head. its painful to a point that it immobilize you. so i always lay down and minimize movements to lessen pain. ever since, i haven't experience it again for almost 3 years now. it probably has something to do with air pressure due to changing seasons. i get headaches during the same time periods, but they're just regular. paid actors. this is not bullshit. they are real and they are agony. the worst torment compared to none. end of subject!! i have the worst headaches ever i cant sleep my migraine gone after 20 years, following unblocking of right coronary artery that's amazing what a coincidence. i wonder if blood flow to brain is related to migraine. 1:02 meegraine also this is probably more painful then anything in the world i got one from the pool meegrain? been suffering from it for years now got one like hours before my shift thought it wear off called in like a minute before my shift started felt so bad but i'm not driving on this i'd rather drive on drugs than a cluster headache oh grow up you babies. i've had headaches before, everyone has! people are so weak nowadays. but i guess everyone needs attention now!! it's not the same as a regular headache. it's one of the most painful things a person can endure. is this comment a joke or nah i have similar intensity \"headaches. \" doctors couldn't help so i tried figuring it out on my own.\ni did eventually. it was due to nerve damage in my teeth from clenching in my sleep for most of my life and no dentist ever suggested wearing a mouth guard whilst sleeping.\nit has gotten much better. however, i do still get them since some teeth have been compressed to the point where they are constantly on the verge of compressing the nerve.\nmy only option is pulling the teeth but i can't, it's just too expensive, so i live with it.\nnerve dulling medication like codeine and tramadol do work though.\nif this can help anyone that has a similar issue, i hope you see this message.\ngood luck. i use handwarmers to place it on my temple , that seems to dull off the pain a bit, but i keep biting my teeth over from grinding them over each other cause of pain. i experienced that twice, once after like 2 years. my other eye is crying, im screaming, punching my eye and my bed's headboard. i hope it won't come back cause this year or last year should be the 3rd ive been doing migraines since i was 6 and i know im not even close to their \"feeling of pain\" but i can imagine how it could be and i seriously understand why its called suicide headache. i sincerely pray for all of you this must be literraly hell i really think the culprit is season changes and allergies that come with them. also a nerve in the neck! and muscle tension. is this worse than a toothache? sounds like what i been having, comes a few times every year.\nlast one was like 4 hours, started with just a light headache.\nwoke up and i swear it felt like litterly my head would explode from all the pain, was even sweating like mad cuz of the pain.\n4-5hours later it felt better but damn i felt bad for a week there after im suffering it right now it's really killing me i would kill myself right now i'm experiencing my worst headache of all time. i want to kill myself. first time researching myself on here altho i've suffered for 10 years at least 45 year old just over a 45 day season of at least 120 migraine attacks ughhh just started getting this last month..n its been a month everydaysome duller some days bad.getting pissed off now i am from india and i suffer from cluster headaches... i started having cluster headaches in october every year since 2015 which lasted for a month and they gradually moved to june/july... in may 2020 i had covid (delta variant) and trust me guys i had the worst season of cluster headaches post that.. pain in left eye and left side of the skull and above left ear, it also caused a bad case of constipation...2 major attacks in a day and a lingering pain... i was put on steroids... the lingering pain continued till aug end... unbearable pain... to all those going through this... god bless you guys... take care this headache always mimic acute angle-closure glaucoma or subacute angle closure (milder symptoms) i'm so sorry for all those that suffer from this horrible disease. this is really fucked up, but can we talk about how this man pronounced 'migraine' ? i have this for 24 yrs... the last attack was 15 minutea ago, after 2 yrs of absence.. you'll get through it, stay strong i am in agonizing pain because of this pls make a cure pls pls i'm dealing with this since 1981. i got diagnosed in 2018. and a neurologist gave me imagran 6mg. it's not referred to as painkiller even though the pain lifts 45 secs to a minute later . especially if you wake up in the middle of your sleep. it's full on so injection ideal. tabs are more in the day when you feel one coming on. 50. or 100 mg sumatriptan tablets works on the serotonin (or 5-ht) receptors located on blood vessels in our brain. trust me when your stuck with a headache like this and your brain is on fire in one spot behind your eye. imagran is a hallelujah thank god oh my me omg i hope there is a cure for this man heartbreaking have one rn i feel like i'm gonna throw up they call migraines \"mee-grains\" over there?\nwtf is wrong with them? has cbd or thc been used to possibly lower the intensity or get rid of them entirely? \"far more intense than migrain\"\nthat's beyond the limit of pain i can endure i don't think it's cluster headaches, but sometimes i get an odd experience where it feels like a person is taking their arms and shoving them into my eye sockets, pulling my eyes and then pushing them into the back of my head and twisting them around. while it happens, my vision gets blurry and there is a lot of ringing in my ears. this happens once/twice a week and it hurts like hell. usually after it i have a regular headache and i need to drink a few cups of water to get rid of it, but it lingers. sometimes i feel like i just shoved a raw chicken down my throat after, and sometimes if feels like dirty air with sand particles flew into my eye. it's honestly horrible, but it may be because i have eye problems and need glasses to see properly. i used to have my arm compressed on my face for over an hour because of the pain warm compressions help a little bit i never got them i am 27 and get ch. had 5 the past week. it has been a week in hell. it gets much worse when the doctor gives them pills for it and it still happens i search cluster headache is because i was searching too chronic pain in world and no 1 was cluster headache sadly sumatriptan, zulmatriptan, triptan - tablets or injections! they save my live, when i suffered from cluster for almost 30 years. please try it - that's a cure that works for me! stay safe suffering from one rn i swear no matter how much aspirin i take it never changes bro, i suffered from it for 30 years, until i got my first sumatriptan injection (or tablet) - fkn works like a magic, 5 min and all gone. unfortunately no one ever told me about sumatriptan, until neurologist in amsterdam :((((( got for it as someone who has these, it feels like a tight right band wrapped around your left eye multiple times over as your veins are about to burst. it's excruciating. and they're frequent. like, on a near daily basis. the eye doctor said that i should outgrow them by my mid-20s. @gabe talks pleasure to hear that @mike it's alright. i'm fine. :) horrible, i hope you're okay sumatriptan! i'm diagnosed with hortons,. but i have a cracking fractured,as neck as many head bump straightning of my sphenoid bone saved my life .chronic cluster 11 years tried everything .official diagnose medicine resistant chronic clusterheadaches .most it was average 3 hours a day 1 at night usualy 2 am as soon as i hit remsleep.11 am and 7 pm .like clockwork until 2018 it exploded the entire day no more pauze constant after taking a blow to the errr whats it called ... errr where the shoulder and nek meet got by default a craniologist...err dont know right english word my bad (skull expert) he look saw my sphenoid bone stood crooked putting pressure on my optic and again literal translation from my end triplet nerve ... he put his fingers on on the side of my skull just above my jaw joint and the ear basicly meet .with barely any pressure i felt my muscles started relaxing all the way down from top to bottem and from my stomach up my muscles started to relax he asked hows your vision ?i replied like 10 times better .i had fairly lousy sight i was at -3and -3.15 .couldnt see through my glasses i had on me blew my mind like a bear clamp trap was released off the middle of my skull .where the 3rd eye would be .best feeling i ever had released so afterwards at the optician did the check up legit went to 1 and 1.15 like whaaa i shit you not .been pain free in periods of 1 year ,6 monhts 8 months bout average .it only comes back if i make a wrong move with my head just go back and im good .now mines was definitly cause by pinched nerves bassicly .thats not for all main cause .so in recomendation something to look into if you suffer clusters .definiyly atleast a look at the end off the day you make up your mind .but for me it changed my entire life .note remind that cluster headaches are a multi factor condition what works for me might not for you .but i know what it is and if it helps you defeat the beast .atleast something good comes out of it right.anyway if wish you strenght and painfree clusterheady brothers &sisters let's admit that we have this disease. my advice would be to stay away from fermented drinks and foods. beer, wine and bread are among them. especially the bread you will eat for dinner is very dangerous. in my experience, sourdough and cereal bread does not cause pain.\nplease share your experiences and recommendations too.\nturkish: bu hastalga yakalandgmz kabul edelim. benim tavsiyem mayal icecek ve yiyeceklerden uzak durmanz olacaktr. bira, sarap ve ekmek bunlarn basnda geliyor. ozellikle aksam yemeginde yiyeceginiz ekmek cok tehlikeli. benim deneyimde eksi mayal ve tahll ekmek agrya sebep olmuyor.\nsiz de lutfen deneyimlerinizi ve onerilerinizi paylasn. sumatriptan, zulmatriptan, triptan - thats a fockn cure - i love it, also following with verapamil (like a month before you expect migrane to be back. happy days, i don't care anymore about migrane i get cluster headaches after i drink alcohol or beer. i know back in college i thought i was going crazy because my right eye seemed it wanted to explode or come out my socket. i didn't know what was the feeling until i done research. when i don't drink alcohol or beer i don't get a cluster headache. so i don't drink alcohol or beer period currently having one right now. it started as a regular headache which quickly turned into migraine with the main pain coming from one side of me eye (and eyebrow too). then overnight. my entire head just started to hurt so bad. it's so horrible that i started having high fevers. today is the 6th day and non of the medicines ar working. cant sleep most of the nights because of the unbearable intense pain it has, i can't even close my eyes properly. its like 100 the pain of a toothache. i feel like i just wanna die i had same shite, until discovered sumatriptan in amsterdam hospital, works like magic, a pill or better injection - 5 min and all gone. i have a bad headache not on this level but it's been going on for 3 days. and i thought my migraines were bad kidney stone is even worse. i think he awake the mangekyo sharingan hahaha im just kidding almost 2022 and top doctors still have no idea of the cause. 17 when i first had one and got mum to smash me across the head with the yellow pages. having them again now at 40 and one searches inside for the reason..... body clock and temperature for me personally i believe are the main factors. try sumatriptan mate - im enjoyuing my life now even tho i know i have cluster every day these days, i don't care, coz i have my pills i quit drinking soda all together and these have started going away. i would pay attention to your habbits. for all of us cluster heads.we either have super powers that we need to release out of our brains,we either got a demon behind out eye that wakes up every spring and autumn, or we are aliens from a different planet because how come doctors dont know how we got it or how to cure it..did we get abducted and probed and just dont know it. ..im lost at this point i still lose jobs with fmla because they dont take it serious. after a cluster im so exhausted i just dont care about life..my dog even knows when im having a cluster..its amazing how painful it is and how renderomg these clusters are bit cant get dissability or sum type of help yeah. it sucks and when i go to doctors they always just give sumatriptan which doesn't do anything. there's definitely something strange about them. i suffer from mild to severe chronic headaches and (undiagnosed) migraines (i believe) and have found that dipping my head in hot hot hot (not so hot as to cause injury but hot enough to hurt a bit at first ) water, or at least soaking a washcloth in as hot water and putting it over my eyes until it cools and repeating as a relief (albeit temporary, requiring repeating). also, oddly, if i tighten an adjustable hat so tight that i have to struggle to get it over my head, wearing it for minutes to an hour u til the top of my head goes numb, then taking it off and as the blood rushes back to my head also offers som great, but again, temporary relief. it is as i said temporary relief but enough relief that it (both methods) is my go to for my worst headaches. i think i'm getting one of these for the first time. i started coming down with a runny nose and sinus infection but now the right side of brain, just above and behind my eye is so sore. it's putting so much pressure on the top of my eye. it stops slightly every couple of minutes but then start again and stays for ages. it feels like my eye is swollen. i'm not sure if it's because my nose and sinuses are inflamed but it's really sore. i know what a headache feels like but they usually go away if i relax. i'm totally relaxed on my bed but it won't go away. it feels like i'm having a stroke on the right side of my face. man i feel a really intense stab on the top of my head all way to the back of my eyeball very intense but i doubt it's this i take an advil or two and it works i have diagnosed cluster headaches. it's horrible, i try to imagine excavating above my eye to help. it seems dumb because the name is so trivial and doesn't equate to how horrible it is. the name should be \"severe neurological demon stabbing syndrome\" to be more accurate. headache shouldn't really even be in there, it cheapens the pain to those who don't suffer been having them for 16 years. i heard varapamil can be effective.. simutrupan just zombiefies you and makes you depressed. going to try oxygen next time try taurine supplements. it's greatly reduced the frequency of mine. i used to have this for a couple of weeks been a few months don't have it anymore \"a me-grain\" i need help too cluster headache is bad i have this headache. but my parents are not understanding i have big heavy paain i feel like sucidehelp me i am 14. i have pain sins 2 years pls help me taurine supplements greatly reduced the frequency of mine. people don't get it, but if the pain was visual there'd be blood everywhere i experienced my first cluster headache 5 years ago. about a month ago they returned. i can understand why these are called \"suicidal headaches \", the pain is the same as being tortured and unbearable. i would not wish this condition on anyone me too. i wish people could experience them for just 5 minutes. then they might understand how it feels to get them sometimes multiple times a day, at any time or place i have had cluster headaches since 2003. i don't even know how i have survived this long. i probably know more about clusters than most experts. i have had 3 hour clusters before. i have had them for 4 months with 8 attacks a day for three weeks. i want to tell you all i have not cured mine but i was relentless in being attentive during them and studying everything. you can find ways to alter the cycle. alter its timing. as someone who had cluster headaches i have to say this got to be the worst thing you can experience if you read this and you have this headache just lay on your bed and never facing down it will get worst if u did that just relax and don't put to much pressure on your face avoid bowwing,laying on your belly, walking way to much just rest. don't take medicine for this kind of problem it never worked trust me and you wondering how long this headache last i had it twice the first one is very long almost 1full day and the 2nd one is 5-6 hour. this is my biggest nightmare and i'm experiencing this rn but fortunately it's not as bad as them i feel so sorry for them. i have had cluster headaches from the age of 16. the very first time we didn't know what it was and why it was so intense.\nlater i found out it was cluster headaches and it was horrific.\ni remember being with my girlfriend in france walking in the mountains when one came on.\nit was the third one that day and i had already used my maximum dose of medication for that day.\ni had to go through this one without meds.\nmy girlfriend was very sweet when i was crying and screaming in agony.\nthen after two hours it began to fade away slowly and by the time we came back to our cabin it was about gone. it had devastated me but being without pain then i remember being happy as a child. i realized how precious these moments were not to be in that horrible pain. i enjoyed every moment and was extremely great full that i could enjoy dinner.\ni was just happy at that moment.\nwhen i was forty two a dear polish friend of mine who was a spiritual healer, helped me out and from that moment on i didn't have any attacks. coincidence? i don't know but i am 53 years old now and still pain free i get cluster headaches and they are truly god awful. it hurts so bad and there is nothing you can do to help it it feels like someone is inserting a nail through the top of your eye and come out through the head side, i'm suffering from them for more than 20 years and still getting them 4-5 times a day for 3 months or so in a year, and the same again next year. ferit 'wtcn' karakaya save the bees i always experience these everyday maximum of 4hrs.. i always take painkiller everyday. i feel so tired after the attack. i've had one. hurt so bad some woman having horrible pain camera man here guys d3 deficiency is no joke i was suffering of this and thankfully it stopped out of nowhere. always started on morning and stopped on the evening. i was all day with my left head on the pillow to contain the pain\nedit: i couldnt sleep well i'm suffering this rn if i thought that it would stop the pain. i would have torn my eyeball out of its socket. i can't even imagine what they go through i deal with these weekly and my doctor just keeps giving me different medications and nothing seems to help. some headaches make me throw up. some leave me shaking and in tears i've lost hope on finding any cure or anything to actually help me taurine supplements daily or oxygen? taurine reduced the frequency of mine i just feel my head caving in seeing the people in the video writhe in pain. i've actually had a cluster headache when i was around 12. i swear to god, i have never experienced anything more physically painful in my whole life after that. it really did feel like stabbing a hot iron into my eyeball while crushing my head with it. i was crying for what felt like a millennium, there wasn't a moment where i wasn't screaming in absolute agony. thankfully, it hasn't happened to me again. makes me feel all the worse for the people that have to go through it, though... @jaylin cox i was living in an rv in jacksonville, i think, so no(?) hey, when you were 12 were you at a foreign city/ country/state when it happened or at your house ? i am 38 now and i suffer from cluster headaches from my mid 20's. everyone that suffers from it knows the true pain we are dealing with for years...\ni really hope they do more research on this and find some better treatments or even a cure!! piece and love to everyone is reading this lets all hope for a better tomorrow..! fellow cluster sufferers let's play a game.what would you rather suffer than one of your worst cluster headaches?\nwhat would you sacrifice to be free of them forever? what if the doctor had a cure for the headaches but it would leave you\na)blind\nb)deaf\nc) paralysed from the waist down\nd)castrated\ne) only able to eat brown bread (with a fat+protein paste) and drink only water for the rest of your life.\nf) lose your memories of who you, your friends and family are. but still remember your education. (so you'd be alone but you wouldn't have to learn to read and write again)\ng) losing all your education memory but keeping your family memories.\nyou can pick more than one.\nfor me it be c,d,e\nfor as much as i hate and fear my headaches i love music and movies more.\ni could never give up my education, and because of my gran, i could never agree to lose the memory or her. i'm experiencing now i'm one of them. only thing that works is oxygen, smokers don't get oxygen prescription and have to go to hospital a&e like me sad thing is oxygen kills the pain in minutes but you got to wait to be attended minimum 20 mins and tbvh 20 mins is too much too long.. the condition is completely misunderstood and mistreated! having this right now shrooms cured me of this i get them, i'm currently 15, i had my worst one ever last night, people severely underestimate the pain we feel it's like a hand in your head squeezing your eye and expanding around the eye it hurts just thinking about it i'm having it rn istg it hurts so much @sema69 yes after around 3 and a half hours @alistair bradford did it go away @giorgio royaume yes it is exactly like that i hope you feel better soon.. i was just reading an article that said if u smoke marijuana your headaches decrease by 40% it's worth a try. it's like a screwdriver/ knife rotating inside and its so painful words couldn't possibly describe yeah i had one last night i'm 15 it was my worst one my eyes were bloodshot and i couldn't stop moving and trying not to scream cause it was midnight. it started at around 10pm it finished around quarter past 12 there isn't a worse pain out there i watch these when i have my weekly migraines and i feel almost instant relief for like 5 minutes because i feel like im over reacting when i see these type of headaches lmao i also suffer from these i just experienced it now :(\nthe pain gets worse and worse im in a sleep state i can't back to sleep because everytime i lay down the pain is actually not good same. mine wake me up in the middle of the night, and i have to go sit or pace. all i want to do is sleep, but can't lay down with them. when they stop, i'm so exhausted. guys i think i have this and i don't know when it will stop my mom has had these for 30 years...i don't know how she is so strong. i get these and crps (i think) in my left arm plus fibromyalgia and a sleep disorder, ptsd and a bunch of other shit...dont know how i'm alive. and i gave birth 3 times. i have attempted suicide thanks to this. now i had this the other day and a piece of shit knocked on my door at the goddamn devil's hour of 3 am trying to hook up with me despite my being on the floor clutching my head and face trying not to scream. i hope the dude who harrassed me gets it 100x worse. i suffer from cluster headaches since i was a teen and still do now at 35. i haven't had them in 4 yrs and thought they were gone. just experienced one hrs ago and was one of the worse ones. i tried all kinds of prescriptions and otc meds. so far, advil have been working, but as of my last two most painful attacks this yr hasn't been helping. i really don't wish this on anyone. it hinders you from able to do anything. and, i feel for others who have this. the worse pain you can ever endured. then you get nauseated once pain leaves. yes. you can't do anything when you have one. people say take a shower or whatever, they don't understand i literally cannot do anything other than rock back and forth and try to breathe. i have had these since i was 16 - gp's don't ever seem to quite understand just how life destroying they are. i'm about to turn 35 and only now am i finally getting proper treatment for them what are you doing for them and is it helping? i've had them for several years now. ruins my life well as a sufferer i can say these are either real videos or oscar worthy material. i read a story on a support website once about a man who had cluster headaches.\none morning his wife found him dead on the garage floor with drill in his hand and a drill bit in his skull.\nhe wasn't suicidal. he was trying to relieve the pressure and pain in his head. i've actually had this same thought, my drill looks mighty appealing at the time i am suffer with this and i know how you feel i have exertion headaches which seem to be a lot like these type of head aches because when i get them i feel like my brain is being squeezed. it feels like a brain freeze x10. im only 14 help me it on my right eyebrows its happening right now helppp me literally feels like someone is pushing my left eye out if it's socket. a constant feeling of pressure from behind the eye. meeegrain i survived thousands of attacks by many years without any meds or oxygen, spring and autumn- because of weather change - fronts in summer goes hardly to the coast of europe and winter in europe is dominated by fronts from the east...i felt like it, is because of weather/preasures change...in every continent is similar conditions, i would like to check , how many people suffer in region which do not receive much continental weather change- i mean middle part of russia- kazachsan...you get attack, the simplest method i use is go under shower, with cold and hot water, in different parts of the body only, just to use your nerv system with other impulses, so for that time it will give you a little of relax during the attack :) i suffer from these things. easily i can understand why people get suicidal and go slightly insane. any treatments that i can try?? please help!! taurine supplements have reduced the frequency of mine from every day to a few per week. wait.. do people from uk pronounce migraine like \"me-grain\" or is it just this guy? try delta 8 i've to dealin with this tortrue since 18, really guys it's like someone stabbing your one eye and other kickin you in the jaw. and the worst part is that this torture come so randomly but periodically, with no exact trigger, no exact month, nor precautious indication.\njust recently i try hydrogen therapy and by far it works! but if it's ubearable, then kalium diclofenac will do, for me. hope we could overcome this and wish you all healthy and joyness including your family and friends that always support us when it's strike. when the oxygen doesn't work, put the back of your head and lower neck\nunder cold water in the shower. you can stand in there or just lean in. focus on the lower neck.\nit might take up to ten minutes. get it as cold as you can stand it.\ncolder the better. cluster headaches come from a nerve problem starting\nat the back of the neck. you can also see a neurologist and get botox\nshot to deaden that nerve. i went to a chiropractor and it worked for the first year.\nyou can get oxygen from a local welding supply. its the same stuff as\nthe medical. they don't ask question and i don't tell. i get a 4 foot\ntank filled for about $28 a fill. i bought the tank years ago. you can\nalso rent a tank. you can get the metering valve that threads on to the\ntank online, as well as the mask. just do a search for the two\ndifferent items. i get the male oxygen tank and the use the female flow control/regulator. the oxygen tanks come with either male or female fitting on it. the regular welding tanks have the male outlet.\nkey words will be oxygen tank flow regulator. cluster\nheadache oxygen mask. ..... everyone gangsta till they accidentally snap their neck\n(this is a joke dont take it seriously) i'm a victim of this. i feel like pulling the eyeball out.. only forcefully going to sleep would help me reduce the pain. i am getting headache after seeing this i was having a cluster headache the other day at work had to go home...was crying cuz of it...and the cleaning lady had the nerve to laugh at me...one of the most demoralizing times in my life. i didn't wish for these headaches. and my pain isn't a joke. smh they should be renamed something else. headache is the wrong term. something more like \"neurological demons spawn eye stabbing syndrome\" sounds more accurate what's even worse than that is there is no cure and barely any information we really have to find something to help these people this is driving people to suicide i always wondered, why tf human body does that i have it it's so bad i'm never going to complain about my hangover headaches again. i had cluster headaches for more than 20 years. my cluster headaches were caused by food allergies and certain sources of water such as water from the office cooler or fountain drinks at restaurants. i am free from any kind of headache for more than 9 years now.\ni do not know the exact reason why but cutting out office cooler water and restaurant fountain drinks (which are very difficult to clean) helped resolve my headaches. my thought on this is that if it isn't cleaned regularly then mildew can build up. other triggers for me were feta cheese, some fruits with skin on them like cucumbers; my thought on this is that it was due to the preservatives sprayed on these fruits and other produce to keep them fresh longer. nuts were also a trigger for me especially walnuts, i have no issues with almonds. another trigger was soy milk and other soy products.\nlet me know what works for you. there is an element of trial and error, would cut out certain things for at least a 2 week period to ensure it is out of your system and not the cause of your headaches. everybody is different and the same triggers for me maybe different for you. my trigger is gluten and high glycemic carbs. i went keto, haven't had a cycle in three years. i've certainly had minor ones, here and there, but nothing that destroys my life for a couple of weeks. yes! thank you! i've wondered if soy milk was affecting me and this answers it! glad someone who can feel my pain i found a way to fast heal just vomit and sleep well i'm 14 and having the same head ache for 2 years i got used to it my biggest enemy just got diagnosed with these, thought i had a brain tumour when they started, now after a month of them i wish i did. if i lived in america and had a gun i wouldn't be writing this now. my brother have severe migrain attacks so can't they do nerve block? these hurt soooo bad by any chance, do you have patience that live by the ocean with these? i was just wondering if sea air would help. i found one of my triggers is sugar. week when i spray it starts to help. just a little oh o oh g god i always get this pain hahah i love watching people have pain lll anyone who is suffering, there is glasses called fl-41 glasses, they are a special tint for people who suffer with migraine's & are light sensitive. not an expert on them but hopefully could help, just do some research & see how you go. hope this helps i woke up with one today and i never want it to happen again. bless these souls. hade one early this morning for the first time, trust me is extremely painful. it's happening from last 2 days it's like someone hit me with baseball bat right on my eyebrow no pain no gain. im watching this with a headache right now i keep a syringe with heroin in it . on me all the time . had these for years, also have a trapped nerve in my neck, plus i get ocular migranes, all 3 at the same time is worse than torture i get cluster headache after drinking alcohol. now i'm also suffering i have this i had one last night no suprise they are highly related to smoking. tobacco is the devil's weed i'm 49 years old been getting clusters since i was like 10 years old i'm crying right now just thinking bout it i dont suffer from cluster headaches, however i do suffer from severe migraines. i thought they were painful. this is a whole other level. may god be with these people. @fishes fly until the world finally dies i believe it. could be a cluster. only men generally get them. not all are to this degree, but they are still equally painful. can take down an entire military with a cluster headache weapon i have it for like 10 years now... every april or may .. lucky i got it only 6 weeks in a whole year... but i thank god i got this illness/disease /disorder... because i wouldnt even wish my biggest enemy this ( and trust me i got enemys bigtime) better a bullet than a full pain scale cluster headache with throwing up of the pain ... going insane screaming and stuff... when i got the attack it let me see my misearble sinner life what i am a mortal ... who is living in a life of full sin ,desire and lust..... thank god i got this . i accepted it ... oh yea every time i worked i my own firm in the refinery im a contractor... there wasnt work that month like every year in a row... never experienced it on work its like god is clocking all the time so well with my cluster pain... turn to your bible and study the word of god ...i could write a book about my life... my father shot dead in the brains when i was 3 yrs old... had a bigtime traffic accident at 19 with huge injuries ....got alot of money than i became very crazy did alot of bad stuff.. but i always had a big thing for history since im from serbia , born in holland..i studied criticly the word of god and challenged the bible with some critical questions and so on... people in a nut shell and thos things geo politics what is going on now ...everything is set in place for the anti christ to rule in the future.... jesus our lord and saviour will come as the second coming..... he is coming. halilujah. may god bless you and the holy spirit lead you. i had one few years. even though it was just migrene, it was horrible, 3h of complete pain and terror. i thought i was gonna die im going thru them now. iv'e been to the er 4 times in 2 weeks . have taken 8 imitrex self injectors. haven't been to work in 2 weeks. i'm getting crushed. going to neurologist in 2 weeks but i can't take to much more . super deprerssed does a big fat doobie ever help....asking for a friend i swear to got it feels worst like someone is punching uhh from inside i literally cry like hell tge solution is to migrate to a tropical country is cluster migraines a thing? @raj gill yes i try to suffer thru them if i can but i get seizures with them so im nervous. got to get back to work. @mush damn bud hang in there. i really feel for you. can they do anything for them at the hospital? there was one time i got a migraine durinf a visit and they were able to give me something thru iv that drastically helped im having them now. im on my 3rd week. im insane. just came home from er 4 hours ago going back in afew @mush yea im thinking thats what i get every couplr of years. i thought i just had bad migraines but theyre probably cluster yes there absolutely insane i just realised this is what i have been to lots of doctors in nz they did scans and just said the brain is a complex thing. and that was it.. i managed to get zopiclone for my insomnia but i really use it for my headaches to knock me out... i'm one of them i got sad when that pain came when i went to do math exam\nit was fate exam but alhamdulillah\nif i deserve this pain then alhamdulillah\nif i don't deserve this pain also alhamdulillah\nthank you for everyone from all religion\nfor praying for us\nby allah will he put relief on them and hope he make them all well...\nnote:-pain was like i want to grab my eye and pull it from it's place to get some relief...i hope it don't come back\n(i'm a strong person but not when it come to like these things) @bearbear4\nin this ending place we are in a test\nand everyone shall be rewarded for there patience anshaallah... if allah actually existed he wouldnt make you go through that can't seem to find the outcome of this research. trying to tell someone who has migraines that it's worse than migraines is so frustrating. apart from my son who saw me experience one, i've never had anyone believe that pain could be as bad as migraines, childbirth or a kick in the privates of men. i was facing this problem it horrible pain i had one yesterday omg i had one of these before i had to go the hospital this happened to me before. trust me it hurts like hell. ive gotten these since \"06. lasts about an hour for a month a year. right side of head. absolutely unbearable pain. imetex injections work well. who else has one right now. i can't sleep because of this pain. i have this since 2013 till now .. cluster headaches are weird lemme tell you that they feel weird but very painful imagine having a very very bad brain freeze from ice cream but near your eye but 100x worse with also feeling like someone is trying to pull your eye socket out yeah not fun yep, i have daily, constant migraines and cluster headaches. tbi and broken blood brain barrier, yay! multiple skull fractures and damaged trigeminal nerves. believe it or not, i once triggered a cluster headache that attacked me at work, while working nights, but it was right after eating microwaveable popcorn. i have hortons disease(consistant cluster headaches) its so painful been having them since primary school so pretty much just go on with my day lol i'm so scared recently starting getting these worst pain i've felt i hate them so much people can't understand what i am going through.\nsometimes i hate myself looking this up today to share to my husband who just doesnt understand... i'm 15 and i've had them since i was 5 if you get cluster headaches and still have your wisdom teeth you need to get that checked out first dude im scared im having some weird pain around my eyes i had this horrible one. by luck during a blood test, i was found to have a very low vitamin d. i've been pain free for 4 years since correcting the deficiency.\nget your vit. d checked, it may help. it's hurt so much i have that for almost 3 weeks i get bad migraines but this.... i just feel for them i've got this i've been suffering this for years, the pain can be so intense that it literally stops you in your tracks. god bless anyone else who goes through this, it is unbearable agony. i still lead an active lifestyle despite this. @mel b you're weak you need to toughen up. thought i was alone...been suffering from it for 2 years now magic mushrooms never got one, wish to never get it but i wanna feel how it hurts mother nature f*cked up big time on this one. i have had cluster headaches but not as fatal. but i have had migraines and smaller painful headaches. never experienced severe headaches including thunderclap headaches. 0:06 the industrial revolution when it realises that children are humans and not task completing machines i haven't had a cluster headache in 6 years now and i hope i never experience this again. i had them every year for almost 15 years. it's a pain beond belief. mine lasted about 4 hours at a time and i would often wake up in the night and get one. and after wards it sucks the life out of you and you just sleep for hours. @runjon oh ok. i just thought you would since all the physical movement they do in the video @jqmxzno, i don't ever remember weight loss. do you lose weight from them? there must be better ways to become unconscious than knocking yourself out.. maybe opiates in controlled use? my friend used magic mushrooms in microdose and it helps immensely rubbing peppermint oil on the back of your neck and temples provides a bit of relief until the pain passes. doesn't cure anything, but makes the pain bearable. mine is worst experience oh god help me if you need volunteers... just say the word.... i've had them for 25 years. dont know how much longer i can take em how do you work or tell your boss? most of them probably don't care :-/ even though is so painful we are alive sadly i get this. i cry my eye out for hours and hours, i just want to rip my own eyeball out as that's where i get them and the pain is indescribable. mine usually last 4-7 hours. when the headache is so bad that u can't even cry because it will make it worse @jzzz avgh don't invalidate her @jzzz avgh i got my words mixed up is all, no need to be like that about it smh don't compare migraines to suicide head aches these aren't migraines lol i having this for a week now since last attacked on 1 and a half year ago..help me follow me on instagram @mikey_g76 let's cross this bridge together 2021 here ikr but anyway i actually have cluster headaches and its horrible i can hardly bare it and um only 14 so the pain is severe if you are reading this i've had these since i was a kid. i learned at 23 the only thing that works is mushrooms ! i promise! find them on the black market until they figure out how to correctly treat these. i have it!\ni know how it feels!\ni just want to die during the pain migraines,thunderclap headache is crazy aswell i like had that head ache but i say to my self does pain even exist that slows my pain down i get them every day, here is what i experience. flashing lights in your mind hurting your brain, aching headache. occasionally nausea and vomiting. i just want it to go away. my meds dont even help i brake my finger this should be on the disability list if you don't get them lucky you i am diagnosed 20 days ago, bless to everyone with cluster headache.. this illness name is too underrated... its insane, you only know if you have tried it :( god bless i am 24 years old. i have this headache. it has tortured me about 5 years.\ni just want to said, this headache really made person commit suicide.\nrecently, i found a drug could control this headache, \"verapamil\", this drug was used to treat high blood pressure.\nif anyone have this situation, please try it! (i spent 5 years to find the drug) hi bruh im 26 and libe in argentina...have thes since 14...oxigen at last quarter of the crisis instantly stops pain...at high flow. try it and hope you doing fine blesssss pray for me i was suffering from this since 2013 and its like hell living with please pray for me anyone else watching this because they have a headache? i find when i eat something lile cake or snack this pain start, there's no pain which hurt like this pain :( i've just overcome my cluster headache. got sent home from work due to it i get migraines. i get cluster headaches. never had a 'normal' headache before. cluster ones are the worst. i've had physical damage done to my eyes that has taken months to heal in the past from the force of the pain straining muscles my cluster headaches aren't too bad but it's a very painful experience to go through yea, i've had these for about three years now. they suck so much and i thought my tinnitus is a pain in the arse. i've had them for 10 years now.. recently found avamigran .. helps a lot, not exactly a cure but definatly less severe i get cluster headaches all the time it's not a nice feeling yes that's me dying pfft, you think thats painful?\ntry trigeminal neuralgia my dad suffers from me and he suffers during the winter one time we went skiing in tahoe and my dad's a tough guy never saw cry once but i could tell on the drive to the hotel he was crying on the inside my dad really hates it he says it feels like a hot poker in his eye its terrible seeing him in so much pain its awful i had one of these headaches last week and get a lot of migraines, but i was doubled over, naked, driving my head into the floor, crying, trying to decide if i should go to the emergency room or drill a hole in my forehead to release the pressure. it is really really intense. i hope your dad doesn't suffer often. mine are not this severe but i get them every single day. it's horrible i feel so sorry for you guys... god bless you:( thanks.. i had a cluster headache yesterday. i literally cried because of the server pain. i couldn't lie for long. i felt like throwing up. dizzy...etc super sensitive to light,sounds, and food. i don't wish this illness not even on my worst enemy. what you experienced wasn't a cluster headache. sounds more like a migraine. cluster headaches don't make you sensitive to light or sounds. in fact, for me, the louder and more annoying the sounds are, the better it make me feel. also, bright lights have zero affect on me. and i never get dizzy, in fact, i am more prone to walking back and forth or rocking around just to cope. plus, if you only got one, then you definitely were not experiencing a cluster. the name says it, \"cluster,\" they come in clusters. don't wish this on yourself. magic mushrooms these poor people it's no joke, i've experience it..\ni don't know about them, but the reason this headache happens to me is because of my drug overdose, i used to be a meth addict, and one day, i took it too much, plus maybe there's fenthanyl mixed in it, i keep tooking it up until i puke some sort chunk of white foam bubble..\nand then the headache started to kick in, it is the closest thing i've ever felt to death.. it changes my life forever, makes me appreciate life more.. bhagwaan sabko theek karde for me a headache goes away in one day or in mid day i'm 36yo and have been dealing cluster headaches since i was about 18yo. worst pain ever! some of my symptoms are right sided only, nausea, chills (hot cold), throbbing pain/pressure around my eyeball, jaw and whole right side of my head. this usually last 30 min to 3 hours depending below if the sumatriptan works or not. most of the time it does. and i also get them in the spring and fall. this usually last 2-6weeks 1-2 maybe 3 attacks daily . them too omg....mine is like someone is grabbing my left brain ek kry self dit.het in die laaster 24 uur seker 10 gehaat i am also in this headeach ##solution to cluster headache ##\nmy symptoms- i get sharp eye pain, starts on particular time of the day for more than week. lasts for similar time everyday,usually 1.5 hours. eye get extremely red, feel thirsty, sweating in the body. become sensitive to sound and light.\nwhat worked for me -\ni took steam 2 times a day, simply boil water in small pan/bowl, put it on table cover your head completely with towel so steam doesn't get out. put timer for 10mins. breath in from nose and breath out by mouth. it worked like charm for me. i was getting it for week, i took steam on 8th day and it dint get headache that day, took it for 2-3 days no headache, again i dint take steam for 2 days headache returned. so definitely steam worked for me.\nimp*** - do not , i repeat, do not take steam if headache already started , it will worsen the condition, you should take steam with gap of 4 hours from your headache timing; before or after.\ni hope it will help. i know how painful and scary it is. it feels like a spear is inside a skull escaping the eyes also known as ice pick headaches. they are dreadful seriously though - my heart goes out to everyone who suffers from this - and i hope beyond all hope that they find a true treatment for this (other than lsd or shrooms - which can help - but i hear they eventually stop working after prolonged use!) i have 200% guaranteed treatment for permanent. if u trust me u can reply. i know that feeling smh the worst feeling ive ever had. the first time i got one i was driving all by myself i stop at a stop sign to make a right turn by the time i stepped on the gas to make the right turn boom!! i can't see out my right eye and had the worst pain i've even felt immediately pulled over called my wife to come get me and take me to the hospital stayed in the for 3 days while they ran test i suffered my first cluster headache 2 days ago. 0:24 is the most accurate video you'll see of a cluster headache. i hope to f*** i don't have this for the rest of my life. im sorry. my dad has had clusted headache for 25years. dont do suicide. we care about you doesn't look that bad how i describe a cluster headache is like someone using a spoon\nand gouging you're eyeball out\ni get them all the time and i have mental health issues and stress i had this 2 days ago and i am afraid to stay up late like so scared the pain is just hurts so much i had to cry for over an hour luckily the pain got away with 3 and half hours but spent the whole day in bed article made me breakdown....\ni'm not alone....i'm not the only one.... i had these for years here in south africa, lots of doctors misdiagnosed it as migraines or sinus-headaches until one night i ended up er thinking i want to die and finally a doctor told us about cluster headaches. in the meantime i found a local doctor who actually knows this very well, has treated a few people with this and has actually made me fear these much less. but i was so relieved to finally know what was going on and to see that i am not the only one! the ouchuk.org website is also a great source of information if you want to do more research. be strong :-) \"grabbing\" it's like someone crushing your skull or stabbing your skull with a sharp knife, the pain is unbearable, i've went through a lot in life broken many bones in my life, if my father wasn't a doctor i probably wouldn't survive (it's a joke) but nothing compares to cluster headache, and when i heard that there's people who get this attacks everyday all year, it really broke my heart to know that, i don't know how but please learn to fight it, may god be with you... i've suffered for 14 years with it the op is bullshit they say it needs to be in your head 6 months to even know if it works and it's 70% chance and it can't be taken out after 3 months and you will have a nice wire hanging out your head for life lithium ? nah i'm good, it's all bullshit and needs real research because if you are a sufferer you will know how painful life can be with this condition i suffer from them myself. it's terrible and so hard to describe. nurses usually piss me off lol. they don't get it. i feel so alone with this. magic mushrooms man i feel bad for them i mean i get migraine attacks almost every day but i can imagine what they're going through s*** sometimes i get my green s*** to a point that makes me want to cry can't even think straight all you can do is just walk back and forth i feel like ripping your own eye sockets out so like a giant done stuff on your head i wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy when ever i have this i see blurry movement in the corner of my eye i've had it 2 or 3 times already never want to experience that pain again @i8mark18 before and sometimes during it when did you notice the blurry movement? before headache? or during? genuinely faint when i have them i get these clusters 3 times in a week this pain is the worst pain i ever feeled now try 3 times a day for 2 years straight. you're a lucky one my friend. i'm 16 this is my first year experiencing these. i already feel like giving up since mom says its caused by being on my phone all the time. nothing works and i feel like i'd rather die -please try 9 mg melatonin daily 1. 5 hours before sleeping at night -\n- hope it helps you too oh dear. you have a long way ahead of you. took me 5 years to get properly diagnosed. no one believed me that it hurts that much. now at 24 when i look back its a wonder that i didnt kill myself but it makes me proud that i not just survived but got trough without any help, medication or support. i always hid and fought alone. and i'm not ashamed to think of myself as some kind of a superhero hahah sumatriptan young man is the pain located near your eye? i'm telling you, you don't have to use words to describe the pain you can see it these turned me into a drug addict. thank god mine went away after 17 years. i got on methadone, weaned off and now drug free. detoxing metals and parasites also. try ionic magnesium. magnesium. depletion of magnesium can also be a factor in relapse. as well as a fast acting pain relief for cluster headaches.\nmsm sulphur is also a good supplement. yah bless good job. stay strong! it's been six years since my last attack. i've had very small \"on sets\", but no attacks. i suffered them for 20 years, every odd number year they would come in and stay for a few weeks to a few months. did not matter the season, stress played no part in. people do not understand. i lived off of zomig. i'm not certain why they went away as they did, but not complaining. zomig that's the nasal spray, great stuff for my migraines takes a bit of the edge off my cluster attacks. i have a cluster head ache for 2 days it hurts very bad i dont know why but whenever i have a headache and then watch something about this topic, i feel better. imagine someone who gets cluster headaches that are also in prison, and then the guards just see you holding your face and banging your head, their gonna put them in the mental ward or something @frazebean you get what i mean. ik people get wrongly convicted. stupid question @alistair bradford you thought about the ones who were wrongly convicted? i wish all people in prison got clusters they deserve it not people like me they won't. i'm suffering i pray for these people i cant imagine the pain, i have been getting headaches and migraines all my life but not cluster headaches, the pain must be unreal god bless anyone who goes through this iam sorry for you god please bless all of these suffering people and relive them from all pain amen they should give people away to knock themselves out with anesthesia when they get an attack i was suffering with these daily up to 8 times per day and if it does come in cycles mine had been stuck for more than a year. i to was ready to have the injection and implant and was even about to try magic mushrooms as i'd researched and heard they could break the cycle. then i found a lady on you tube who had managed hers with a supplementary plan that included magnesium and vitamin d amongst other things. these two things that i actually got in one lindels tablet has changed my life . it broke the cycle and has helped me to manage it. cluster headaches is a difficiciency of the above pharmaceuticals arnt the answer i have hortons sydrome diagnosed and im glad that more people can now know about it via this video i get these and they are no joke. i got them for a couple of years in a row and then they went away for 5 years. how fitting they are back in 2020. i think i have this but a 4/10 pain\nin school i cant focus, my eyes hurt.\nughhhh it's like something is forcing my left eye out of my eye socket, like my eye is about to explode. sometimes right before an attack happens, i get a 'snowblind' effect and my vision gets dark. the onset ranges from almost instantaneous to about 5 minutes. triptans help but for me, the side effects are very unpleasant. i'll take them any day over an attack though. i had one of these before it was so bad that i literally would pass out and get nauseous i was just diagnosed with these this past weekend. shit is no joke and these documented episodes by the people suffering these is exactly what it's like.\ni've fractured vertebrae in my back years ago and thought that was the most painful thing i've ever endured. nah, not even close. try working out. the brain can't register the pain when you're pushing yourself hard. also, it's very important that you don't sleep on the side that hurts. all of that is aimed to mask the symptom but it's just to get you through the day until you find the root cause. i cured mine in 2.5 weeks and was able to stop it abruptly just when it had gotten really bad (to the point that my right eye had started to bulge from the intense pain). how i did it - i figured i had caused it by doing something i shouldn't be doing i decided to change just about everything about the way i live. i bought a higher pillow, stopped using the ac which was blowing in my face every day, started doing long walks in the sun (18 out of 30 studies included in a recent literature review showed a link between serum vitamin d levels and headaches), lowered my stress level by working less and doing what i love more, started doing possitive affirmations, started taking melatonin and going to bed at the same time in the evening (bad circadian rhythm has also been associated with headaches), started using lubricating eye drops, doubled my magnesium intake, started doing breathing exercises aimed at getting more oxygen in my blood, etc.\nin short, try to improve just about everything you do by making it healthier and remove every trigger you can think of (including cigarettes, alcohol, coffee, etc.). and definitely no spicy foods.\ngood luck and stay positive! i know how bad it hurts but it will pass, i promise! this is just one of those reminders that our body is forced to use to make us aware of the fact we're living in a bad environment and we need to starting taking care of ourselves. i live in west africa and i really pity those of us who experience cluster headaches here cuz no one takes it seriously...i just got a pack of panadol. hoping it works cuz i cant even work or sleep for that matter. i get a minor version of this (ie intense but bearable headache behind one eye) when i'm really tired. not sure if it's not a migraine though. what's the difference? famous mortimer a little bit of the former. not the latter. i usually take ibuprofen and it goes away. do you get sensitive to light and just want to lay still in the dark, or do you get agitated and can't sit still because of the pain? i have cluster headaches it is horrible try working out. the brain can't register the pain when you're pushing yourself hard. also, it's very important that you don't sleep on the side that hurts. all of that is aimed to mask the symptom but it's just to get you through the day until you find the root cause. i cured mine in 2.5 weeks and was able to stop it abruptly just when it had gotten really bad (to the point that my right eye had started to bulge from the intense pain). how i did it - i figured i had caused it by doing something i shouldn't be doing i decided to change just about everything about the way i live. i bought a higher pillow, stopped using the ac which was blowing in my face every day, started doing long walks in the sun (18 out of 30 studies included in a recent literature review showed a link between serum vitamin d levels and headaches), lowered my stress level by working less and doing what i love more, started doing possitive affirmations, started taking melatonin and going to bed at the same time in the evening (bad circadian rhythm has also been associated with headaches), started using lubricating eye drops, doubled my magnesium intake, started doing breathing exercises aimed at getting more oxygen in my blood, etc.\nin short, try to improve just about everything you do by making it healthier and remove every trigger you can think of (including cigarettes, alcohol, coffee, etc.). and definitely no spicy foods.\ngood luck and stay positive! i know how bad it hurts but it will pass, i promise! this is just one of those reminders that our body is forced to use to make us aware of the fact we're living in a bad environment and we need to starting taking care of ourselves. god bless them that they have to suffer i hope they are feeling better i experienced it every week we've since elementary . gotten used to it , i can even play while having headache and not show people that i'm in pain but actually i'm in pain.\nps : i'm also having a cluster headache while typing this .... are you okay i get them too a lot i'm hopeful not to get another one yes, i believe a weak or under-active trapezius was a cause for my suffering. after 15 years of suffering i cured myself by strengthening my mid-trap on the left side. lots of plus-pushups and external rotations with a resistance band. but i also changed my lifestyle stopped eating processed foods, stopped drinking liquor, and started drinking green smoothies daily. also lots of water! but definitely focus one the traps. this is not a medical advice but anyone suffering from this condition reading my comment do your research on magic mushrooms which contains psylocybin lot of people had good results doing them once a month or so and it either drastically reduces the pain or even the frequency of them i wish cluster headache didn't exist , i have endured most pain ever the eye turns red starts to pulse then the pain starts on one side of the head like if you got hit in the head you would die i think i've been diagnosed with this illness but have not talked to a doctor please send the doctor i should talk to i would really appreciate it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyvwxobqkrc https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=wouter+i+schievink+md my son is like that bro i feel so sorry i was curious so i looked up most painfull things we can go thru and this... im so sorry for anyone who has gone thru this i'm in cycle just now and found this really upsetting to watch :( no it's funny \"i recommend this guide:\n*havy.best/mah-guide/prl*\nso grateful it exists.\"\n2:16\ni know how they feel. i get more migraines overall, but i get this as well. thankfully, not too often. it sounds like the people in this clip anyway, get them more often than me. migraines, that is just another monday morning for me at this point, i hardly even flinch at a migraine, unless it drags on for too long. these? that is a whole other conversation. i just had one of these, like 5 mins ago. first time it happened to me and i'm almost 28. it was intense. only lasted like 30 seconds, but holy crap it was awful. @dapper_slapper lmao he had a migrabe you didn't have a cluster headache. please stop wishing this on yourself. yep i be having it for hours i have it :( i'm 21 and i've been getting these for about 3-4 years on and off. i usually get a 5-7/10 on the pain scale. i have only gotten 10/10 a dozen times or so and i can attest that it was the worst pain i've ever experienced. when i get a 10 i cannot sit still. my stomach aches and i feel nauseous. i become overwhelmingly hot and sweaty. there is nothing like the deep pain behind your eye, temple, jaw, and sometimes the back of my neck. it is an absolute horrible time. same magic mushrooms believe it or not migranes are painfull too i had one yesterday and i'm only a child. it was the first time i did not know how to act. i couldn't breathe properly and couldn't talk properly, couldn't think properly. and my cousin had the nerve to call me a baby and i'm acting like a 4 yo just because i was stuttering and acting weird. and was making fun of me, was i overreacting? this is terrible to watch! they are so strong to endure this horrific pain for sometimes hours at a time. i just wish that the government would catch up on laws. the reason: everybody who suffers from these headaches has said that they absolutely disappear for good after taking \"magic mushrooms,\" or \"shrooms\" for short! come on! a proven cure, but politicians say its bad, so these people put sooooo much money into the implants mentioned in this video to not have relief?! people are stupid i would use my 12g and end myself,,,,,...forever. i have a cluster headache but not this painful like external less painful madonna yevette ok wow!!!!! what about cannabis, could thc prevent atacks? i've found it helps lessen the duration. that's just me, though. god bless my dad has cluster headaches and the shit sucks he pukes he beats his head with his fist puts his hand into a wall (drywall) and it scares the shit out of me i'm only 17 and seen him with a cluster 3 times my mom is there for support and also get what he needs (oxygen ice packs and imatrex shot) its unbearable to watch my own father suffer from this shit and wish he never had to deal with this bs there's a reason they are also known as suicide headaches. @iicounted2134 yeah ik i hope u don't get another one @ukdrilltv everytime i suffer from a cluster headache i wanted to end my life and i wondered if other people actually did it. guess i was right and i'm honestly not surprised because they're so damn painful, i'm suffering from one right now yeah cause people have killed their self because theor that bad yeah i was rolling on the floor crying because of this. bawling.\nit feels like your skull is caving in, and it also feels like your eyes are being pressed down deep in your socket it's so painful i can't explain it sometimes i just wanna chop my eyes out yup. they are horrific. it feels like being tortured to death. i just searched up how to cure a tension headache i feel ashamed to be in pain now i guess my life isn't as hard as i make it to be.. shrooms! lsd get it in you! as someone who is 33 (in the us) the common factor has & always has been for me, the pressure change in the weather, be it spiking hot like the current way it has been or extreme cold in the winter.. have you tried magic mushrooms? i think i have them but not as bad as this i can keep my head still but these guys look like theyre dying it's kills me every day and night i want to die try working out. the brain can't register the pain when you're pushing yourself hard. also, it's very important that you don't sleep on the side that hurts. all of that is aimed to mask the symptom but it's just to get you through the day until you find the root cause. i cured mine in 2.5 weeks and was able to stop it abruptly just when it had gotten really bad (to the point that my right eye had started to bulge from the intense pain). how i did it - i figured i had caused it by doing something i shouldn't be doing i decided to change just about everything about the way i live. i bought a higher pillow, stopped using the ac which was blowing in my face every day, started doing long walks in the sun (18 out of 30 studies included in a recent literature review showed a link between serum vitamin d levels and headaches), lowered my stress level by working less and doing what i love more, started doing possitive affirmations, started taking melatonin and going to bed at the same time in the evening (bad circadian rhythm has also been associated with headaches), started using lubricating eye drops, doubled my magnesium intake, started doing breathing exercises aimed at getting more oxygen in my blood, etc.\nin short, try to improve just about everything you do by making it healthier and remove every trigger you can think of (including cigarettes, alcohol, coffee, etc.). and definitely no spicy foods.\ngood luck and stay positive! i know how bad it hurts but it will pass, i promise! this is just one of those reminders that our body is forced to use to make us aware of the fact we're living in a bad environment and we need to starting taking care of ourselves. i experienced that from dec 2019 to february or march;i almost committed suicide . if it ever happens again, don't worry. it can be stopped.\ntry working out. the brain can't register the pain when you're pushing yourself hard. also, it's very important that you don't sleep on the side that hurts. all of that is aimed to mask the symptom but it's just to get you through the day until you find the root cause. i cured mine in 2.5 weeks and was able to stop it abruptly just when it had gotten really bad (to the point that my right eye had started to bulge from the intense pain). how i did it - i figured i had caused it by doing something i shouldn't be doing i decided to change just about everything about the way i live. i bought a higher pillow, stopped using the ac which was blowing in my face every day, started doing long walks in the sun (18 out of 30 studies included in a recent literature review showed a link between serum vitamin d levels and headaches), lowered my stress level by working less and doing what i love more, started doing possitive affirmations, started taking melatonin and going to bed at the same time in the evening (bad circadian rhythm has also been associated with headaches), started using lubricating eye drops, doubled my magnesium intake, started doing breathing exercises aimed at getting more oxygen in my blood, etc.\nin short, try to improve just about everything you do by making it healthier and remove every trigger you can think of (including cigarettes, alcohol, coffee, etc.). and definitely no spicy foods.\ngood luck and stay positive! i know how bad it hurts but it will pass, i promise! this is just one of those reminders that our body is forced to use to make us aware of the fact we're living in a bad environment and we need to starting taking care of ourselves. drink olive oil\nbefore breakfast 3 tablespoons\nbefore lunch 3 tablespoons\nbefore dinner 3 tablespoons i'm sorry to hear that. hope you get it all sorted out. :( but hey, caitlyn jenner was the brave one for coming out as a transsexual, right? right? ... when you have a headache when i have a headache when i feel a little bit pain i burped and i feel like i'm going to be about to throw up praying for ppl going through this i pray no one gets cluster headaches i get a lot of migraines and that is worse enough i have maybe found a way to help it, doing some tests in my country if someone is 100% sure they have cluster h. you can contact me since i have problems to find subjects. did you send invite and what name? @matjaz povalej i am asking because of husband. he was diagnosed with cluster headaches. he gets them every year in june for weeks and has several attacks a day. @ivanavanila not really half of people doesn't know difference between migraine and cluster h. if you want my advice tell me and we can communicate to some other app. hello, do you have any progress? thank you \"far more intense than a mee-grain\"... lsd and dmt prevent and abort these attacks. find college students and get some of that. you don't need high doses. even sub-hallucinogenic doses can abort these attacks. dmt in particular will do so, when vaporized, within a few seconds!! i've had a cluster headache 1 time ever and that shit is the most horrible pain you will ever feel, i actually considered killing myself at one point to stop the pain in my head, i'm sorry if you ever get one that's why it's also called suicide headache it feels like someone's pulling the cord of your eye. i usually just drink nyquil until i pass out. oh my god, i can't even imagine living with that kind of pain. i suffer from migraines which i get probably 2 or 3 times a week and i find those debilitating enough, the pain is horrible and i vomit and can't stand light etc. to hear that there are headaches even more painful than that makes my stomach flip. i can't even imagine. as there are still comments going on this, i thought i'd come back and update. i've had a couple of rounds of botox now through my neurologist and so far it seems to have improved my migraines. i now only get 1 or 2 every 2 weeks and the intensity of them is a lot less. fingers crossed the treatment continues to be effective. i would recommend anyone who can try botox as a treatment to do so. i had an attack where i was in the bathroom for 30 minutes in that time i passed out maybe 10 times bashed my head through the wall scratched the skin off my face etc @teachandfunnstuff one is not worse than the other. cluster headaches are a different kind of pain/experience compared to migranes. they are often compared, but they are very different. they are both debilitating conditions linked to headaches, but that's about where the similarities stop. it's much worse then a normal headache. it's 10times more painful don't invalidate yourself. you're already going thru hell. im a severe migraine sufferer. i have a question for people who go thru these...what are cluster headaches like compaired to migraines? i'd say if we're comparing them on a scale clusters are 9 and migraines are a 5 i am a victim too in the eye i just want to kill my eyes this is my worst nightmare. i feel so sorry for those people i think i got this shit fuck it feels like someone is bulging my eyes out it is the worst pain. i get cluster headaches all the time. they suck a lot, but i don't get this bad. i have cluster headache for a month now..\ni have the same symptoms.\nred eye on effected side\ndrooping eye on effected side\none sided headache\nexcessive tearing on effected side\nrestlessness\nstuffy or runny nose on effected side.\nswelling around eyes on affected side .\nwhat could b more worse than this pain.\ngod please help me and all .\namen holly fuck thats scary... every time i get an attack i literally just grab my face bawling and try to fold into the smallest ball possible. simultaneously feeling like my eye is getting scooped out by a melon baller and a hot iron is being driven through my ear. it's truly hell. not to mention my clusters can sometimes come along the same timeline of a migraine so i'll have residual pain for over 24 hours. those days i just give up on everything. i'm having an attack right now and i want to shoot myself in the head i get cluster pain..and i don't move a bit i get numb i don't know why this is my nature to bear pain thay i get numb even if you stab me with a knife i'll get numb no feeling no nothing not moving 1 place like a statue. even i get severe kidney pain as someone stabbed me with knives and twisting it i'll remain numb..and because of that my mum can't recognize when am ill. why? and it's painful for me...i feel like oneday i'll die being numb no one will know if i'm dead. i feel lonely knowing that i'm having an attack now just over a week i honestly can't cope with this pain verdse yt it's not my first, i've found keeping moving around helps @#angel bugs uk but its hard if u got it for the first time verdse yt thank you, i am trying just sometimes it gets too much just bear the pain calmly until its gone just found out i have cluster headaches 1:00 getting cluster headaches awful, and i hate it, but holy shit i love how the guy says migraine\nme-grain drink olive oil\nbefore breakfast 3 tablespoons\nbefore lunch 3 tablespoons\nbefore dinner 3 tablespoons i remember quite vividly this one time i was in the car with my dad when i was like 10 when one of these hit me, honestly thought my eye was about to explode if i didn't vice grip it, though that didn't do much to help. -10/10, do not recommend.\nthank god this only happened once. bruh i just ignore it excedrin migraine is the onnnly thing that has been working for me these past 2 weeks.. you only syppose to take 2 pills a day but i take 2 when i wake up i drink water and dont eat anything because when i eat something triggers it.. then i go to work feeling a little weak feom taking pills and not earing but i dont feel pain..when i get off work i come home eat and wait about 30ins and then take 2 more pills.. i already have a shadow coming on from the ovee due cluster migraine that i was suppose to ger in the am.. now it starts 30 mins afted i eat and its a stdong shadow that i barely make it through.. it is on a scale of 6 out of 10 compared to last year whwn i didnt take amything which was a burning scrweing 10 out of 10 whixh i was sure would kill me.. i have my phone light turned down all dark in my room my left eye is throbbing kinda an feels like another attaxk wants to come but its usually 2 a day for me an i jist ran our of my 24 caps of excedrin.. prayin i make it to the store in the am before a cluster makes it to ky eye or i wont be able to work ..ps i took 4 pills a day that bottle was gone in 6 days whixh im over dosing an can damage my liver but its a deal with the devil that is worth it.. less pain hell i rather get one of my balls cut off then to deal with this pain..been going on for 10 years now.. idk if i can take another 1o more years i will probably kill myself if these migraines find away around my excedrin relief hijama therapy is the best to cure from cluster headache permanently nobody:\nteachers:omg im having a headache cause of u kids! im 14 and i started having kind of little pains, alkost lingering in my right eye. now it does not happen often but when it does im littery secons away from blowing my brains out. its like someone is stabbing me in the eye x10. its not as bad bc i pnky get it like once a week i suffered from them for more than 20 years. the best description of the pain i have seen was \"amputation without anesthetic\" it's like someone is removing my left eye with a branding iron for about an hour. wouldn't wish this pain on anyone, sounds like hell i get them i get the same, during the change of seasons, i get these really bad headaches. feels like like the front of my skull is in a vice grip..i can however usually deal with it if i take a tylenol or 2 or 1000mg ibuprofen. even then i can still feel some pain and i get very nauseous..and usually during the change of season from winter to spring. it looks like these people get it really bad, so bad you want to knock yourself out...yikes. i've been trying to find out what this headache i tend to get at night was and this might be it. it's at the left side of my face, usually just above the eye and it is so painful. i just keep applying pressure towards it and sometimes i hit myself too hard :x\nthoughts of using an electric drill to drill a hole in that part of the skull pops up in my mind every single time the attack comes, whichs tend to be at night with the pain jolting me awake.\nmy preferred method is popping a nurofen but when i don't feel like relying on that too often, i will apply a cold compress. heard that inhaling 100% oxygen is the most useful solution but it's hard to get lmao.\ni really really hope someone can cure this shitty pain. bruh same i feel like drilling a hole in my head every time i get one magic mushrooms just started getting these and puts you on the floor in fiddle position i also suffers from this type of pain. it's too painful. it happened with me at the age of 18 first time in my exam hall. and whenever i goes to exam hall i suffer from this. it can break someone's deep sleep. too much painful it is. if there was any permanent solution...\nand i consult with many doctors but they can't do anything. swarnali das not the first one to say it but try psilocybin mushrooms if you can obtain them its very painful seriously the pain is over you imagination the way to get rid of it is weed it helps makes you so high won't even remember what happed or get the sleeping injection only these two method works good i am suffering it's very painful i get this one headache every year around april, i don't know if it's a migraine or a cluster headaches. it sometimes starts of with a aurora (eye illusions) then i get a light headache that gradually gets worse then i puke for 10 to 20 mins and then it goes away but i'm still left with a light headache. also i get fatigue for the next 2 days like a hangover. i feel so unlucky that i always get these types of headaches. the pain is so bad it just makes me think of killing myself just to stop the pain its for real pain from hell 10 years of those and believe me they are as bad as they look. my savour was sumatriptan injections. saved my life. i feel your pain guys.\nused to get them all the time.\nhaven't had one in 15+ years.\nso, there is hope.\ni'm not an emotional guy, but my heart goes out to anyone suffering with these. thanks :) thank you just listen to the link i sent. if you have ever had any kind of injury, motor vehicle accident, slip and fall etc. this can happen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq3nvkp9wpk&t=1956s i suffered from cluster headache for almost 40 years. i have finally got rid of my cluster headaches. i haven't had for 3 years. get in touch with me. i will explain how. @darkorius sorry i didn't see your comment until today, please checkout link i have sent you. good luck. how? how did you get rid of it i can't be the only person who when starting antidepressants have these cluster headaches and it's all dam day. only time it stops is when i'm dead sleeping! or if i go off of them completely which i've done plenty of times. but i actually want to stay on them it's just waiting 4 weeks is infinity from now. it's only on the right side. and i just started antidepressants last monday so next monday will be the start of 2 weeks -.- random fact: they are also know as \"suicide headaches\", and women say it's worse than giving birth. some soldiers say, that they rather step on a landmine, than having a cluster headache. so cluster headache is pain around the eyes, then what if defective eyes are to blame? i mean people who wear corrective eyeglasses and contact lenses. they can see clear but again their corneas are still not fully corrected? i haven't found a thing to work for these headaches. i dont take steroids for obvious reasonings and the normal headache \"remedies\" are ineffective. i just dont know anymore. i had one of these at 12 years old worst day of my life go to watch a video on the headaches that i personally have suffered from chronically for the last ten years and whats the first thing i see? \"the following report contains some disturbing images\" yeah that about describes my last decade it's so isolating having this condition how do you tell people everything's ok i am suffering from some kind of similar headache since childhood, its terrible, unbearable and un descriable. doctors were unable to diagnose the really issue haven't had one in nearly 25 years after being prescribed ssris. when i did have them, though, my mother shamed me the entire time, telling me i had a low pain tolerance. there seem to be a lot of serotonin issues in northern europe, particularly among uk and roi people. being relatively isolated populations, i wonder what genes might be to blame. yes omg i have this rn .. hurts rn absolutely awful... imagine living with this and never finding a cure or at least a treatment going through constant pain for weeks or months on end and on top of that living with people who think you're crazy everytime you get these attacks. unfortunately that's my life. my wife and my own mother think it's all in my head and tell me to toughen up. this debilitating ailment is the reason why i cant work, i cant spend quality time with my kids because my cluster headaches are constant and unexpected. i've had this ailment since i was 13 and my mother thinks its just a normal migraine even though 4 different neurologist diagnosed me with this illness and have taken almost every drug there is for migraines and nothing helps except cbd. cbd is the only thing that helps a little but i still feel them you ever tried psilocybin? i'm so sorry, i know this was a year ago but i hope you're doing better and that your family has become more understanding. best wishes. i am a patient of cluster headache and i bear it every day continuesly please listen too me. i had these and it's finally cured. get some tumeric and see a dentist. i had every tooth pulled out of my head to get rid of this. god bless. \"i recommend this guide:\n*havy.best/mah-guide/fwn*\nso grateful it exists in 2020.\" i used to have these... what i used to do was sit down on my bed.. knees bent.. like japenese people like to sit.. head down or completely upside down .. it used to give me relief to some extent use mushroom hallucinogenics. those cure them i get really intense migraines. feels like someone is squeezing my head in a vice. i take like 4-5 tylenol pills and sometimes it doesn't work. sometimes i feel nauseated and end up puking out the pills guys some of these attacks start from having a spinal leak. just listen to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq3nvkp9wpk i just had one today and i questioned everything. my existence mostly. and i contemplated suicide for a hour. i drank 4 shots of rum and smoked and barely i feel the pain subsiding but i know it'll push through it i once had to go to the er because i had a thunderclap cluster headache i healed definitely!\nmy name is caio danziere, i suffered from these pains for 5 years, in an exam i discovered a tumor in the pituitary gland (at minute 1.29 you can see a little ball under the mouse cursor on the tomography image), i had the removal surgery and never had it again if you want a headache! take a prolactin examination, if it is high, probably this is the cause of two pains (it was my case) if you need help you can talk to me, i have my exams and documentation! this pain is horrible, i will help danziere@gmail.com or @caio_danzi instagram send me a message! me curei definitivamente!\nmeu nome e caio danziere, sofri com estas dores durante 5 anos, em um exame descobri um tumor na hipofise (no minuto 1.29 pode notar uma bolinha abaixo do cursor do mouse na imagem da tomografia), fiz a cirurgia de remocao e nunca mais tive se quer uma dor de cabeca! facam um exame de prolactina, caso esteja alta, provavelmente essa e a causa das duas dores (foi meu caso) se precisar de ajuda podem falar comigo, tenho meus exames e documentacao! essa dor e horrivel, vou ajudar danziere@gmail.com ou @caio_danzi instagram me manda uma mensagem!\ni healed definitely!\nmy name is caio danziere, i suffered from these pains for 5 years, in an exam i discovered a tumor in the pituitary gland (at minute 1.29 you can see a little ball under the mouse cursor on the tomography image), i had the removal surgery and never had it again if you want a headache! take a prolactin examination, if it is high, probably this is the cause of two pains (it was my case) if you need help you can talk to me, i have my exams and documentation! this pain is horrible, i will help danziere@gmail.com or @caio_danzi instagram send me a message! shrooms i know a friend only months. i just found out he had em. i went 2 days ago when he had 1....he had another the next day....i see how he acted like. it was sad. the pain that drives you mad. just madness. i even complain with migrains....dang. \"i recommend this guide:\n*phip.best/mremedy/a1b*\nso grateful it exists in 2020.\" i'm having constant pain down my right side behind my eye. no where near as bad as the people in this video but can you get mild migraine even far more intense than a meegraine. that's terrifying. the scariest part is the unpredictability i have been getting these suicide headaches since 1981. i can't describe them, i've rubbed large amounts of peppermint oil ,avoiding my eyes. and it distracts me from the pain. but what happened recently is my gp proscribed me 6mg imigran mustle injections. unlike tablets which take 10-20 mins, the injection starts to take affect 2-3 mins in then suddenly this feeling of torture lifts and the pain stops. i never go out with out it. what it's done is removed the fear of being attacked. so when it does happen now, am not left rocking in a dark room with a fire behind my left eye inside my head. the injection is related to sumatriptan tablets . very effective i can tell you as someone who suffers from this, it is unlike anything that i have ever experienced. sometimes medications work, and sometimes you build a tolerance to them or they become less effective. i originally started using lidocaine solution for abortive treatment, but after several treatments it lost efficacy. it's like getting a burning knife in the right eye. sometimes i think i'll die because the pain is so big drink olive oil\nbefore breakfast 3 tablespoons\nbefore lunch 3 tablespoons\nbefore dinner 3 tablespoons just has one of these for the past 5 hours vomited 4 times had to get family member to come and collect my 2 year old. they're awful i hope they find a good treatment https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq3nvkp9wpk dragon heart the prince of wales sends his regards sumatriptan injection makes mine go within minutes. all hell usually breaks loose if i don't have them. i need two a day usually (which is not always available), on top of sumatriptan tablets and pure oxygen. the timing is crucial for me with the treatment, but they wake me during the night and are too advanced to be aborted by the tablets and oxygen usually. i've suffered thousands of cluster headaches over 20+ years (i'm 38) and was misdiagnosed for almost 10 of these years. i had the longest remission after quitting smoking but they are back now. i will most probably have one tonight and the clips shown in the programme are unfortunately not exaggerated. who else thought they had a bad headache then watch this mine isnt as severe psilocybin i have almost 10 years now gone with this same disease. i don't think my mental health will go much longer any more. every time it comes i wish for a quick death. in 2010 i got into a motor vehicle accident and hurt my back. during the course of the year or so a specialist gave me four epidural injections. in. 2012 i had a brain aneurysm (unrelated). shortly after the surgery i started getting headaches. i thought it was part of the recovery and mentioned it to the doctor at my follow up. they said i was having migraines. migraines vs clusters=zero comparison. by the third month these attacks were in full force. i tried calling my surgeon again and again and his nurse would tell me that this was my new quality of life. i started seeing one neurologist after another. i must have seen 15 different doctors who btw all said i was not suffering clusters because i did not fit the profile. they gave me so many different medications and some even said you have to be a compliant patient and give the medications time. i used to take the medicine for at least a week even though the meds would extend the attacks and make me so sick that i would be dizzy and vomit for a week. i really wanted it to work and stuck to it for as long as i could. one of the last medications they put me on was lithium. one word \"wow\" anyway, i had occipital nerve blocks, various injections, experimental procedures, was seen by a chiropractic and an acupuncturist. the oxygen that works for some people i used as a breathing assist because i would have the worst anxiety when the attacks started. i would walk, crawl, yell, hit my head on walls. i would just rock back and forth and hum because i was just helpless, but not for lack of trying. one day i went to a headache specialist from mount sinai who doesn't accept insurance. back then it was 500.00 a visit. this was my second visit. i finally said to him that i am at my ends rope. i couldn't do this for much longer. this was nearing christmas. that was on a friday. monday morning my neurosurgeon calls me 8 months after my brain surgery and asked me how i was. he asked me to come back into columbia and get yet another mri (at least ten at that point) spinal tap to look for infections, and some labs they need to run. of course, i did go in for all testing and once they did the spinal tap a headache came on much different than the clusters. it was more like pressure-intense pressure. i told the person that performed it and they told me to go home and rest. that was a thursday. i called my doctor on friday, but he was away for the weekend. i asked for someone else and told them what my symptoms were. i could not stand up at all and they said call the doctor on monday. you all need to be your own activists. i should have gone straight to the hospital, but i was a good little patient who waited and suffered endlessly. monday morning, i went in for spinal blood patch. that evening i went home waiting for the next attack. one day past, nothing. second day, nothing, a week, so far so good and not really understanding why but so damn grateful. christmas and new years eve. were headache free. i schedule an appt with the neurosurgeon and asked what in the world he though happened to me. he said it's a new phenomenon. people all over the world are reporting that people were being treating for migraine headaches when in fact they are something called spontaneous spinal leaks. this was all in 2012.\n2019. a gastroenterologist who saw me in the hospital back in 2012 called me and said he remembered my headaches and wanted to know how they were resolved. i explained the story and he sent his friend's wife in for a patch. i saw him months later and he said it worked and he didn't understand why neurologist didn't know that this could help people. of course, this is not his specialty so he wouldn't look any further. therefore, i constantly post my story because i wholeheartedly know that this will work for people.\ntoday there is much more research available guys. just go look. i hate the idea of anyone suffering like this when there is an easy fix. those of you that are like i was years ago,\nat the end of the rope have nothing to lose by trying this. then you can come back and let me know so others can also have the information. i'm am in so much pain try running by treadmill or clear area for 3 minutes, pain will go immediately or after while breathing. but for sure you need to see doctor's for preventive medication. a guy named michael brown had that (horton's disease) and cured himself and wrote a book and manual for healing, is called the presence process. \"like someone is grabbing your face\" what an awful headline/title as it really doesn't do justice to the severity of the pain involved in for the majority of people having \"ice pick\" or \"suicide headaches\". just began having cluster headaches, and it's really horrifying watching others during there attacks and realize that i'm also like that... i'm normally i'm a ball on my couch rocking back and forth while crying and possibly screaming non hallucinogenic lsd is the key. resets the nervous system so it's not all out of wack. when i get mine and i feel it almost completely go away in about 15-30 sec. that's the relief in the world. hello, how much do you take?\ni tried 10mcg of lsd and it didnt work. that would be considering macrodosing . i didnt want to trip koi mc lund remedy btao bc !! i have these every few days any remedy suggeste plzz omg it's unbearable for me in 2010 i got into a motor vehicle accident and hurt my back. during the course of the year or so a specialist gave me four epidural injections. in. 2012 i had a brain aneurysm (unrelated). shortly after the surgery i started getting headaches. i thought it was part of the recovery and mentioned it to the doctor at my follow up. they said i was having migraines. migraines vs clusters=zero comparison. by the third month these attacks were in full force. i tried calling my surgeon again and again and his nurse would tell me that this was my new quality of life. i started seeing one neurologist after another. i must have seen 15 different doctors who btw all said i was not suffering clusters because i did not fit the profile. they gave me so many different medications and some even said you have to be a compliant patient and give the medications time. i used to take the medicine for at least a week even though the meds would extend the attacks and make me so sick that i would be dizzy and vomit for a week. i really wanted it to work and stuck to it for as long as i could. one of the last medications they put me on was lithium. one word \"wow\" anyway, i had occipital nerve blocks, various injections, experimental procedures, was seen by a chiropractic and an acupuncturist. the oxygen that works for some people i used as a breathing assist because i would have the worst anxiety when the attacks started. i would walk, crawl, yell, hit my head on walls. i would just rock back and forth and hum because i was just helpless, but not for lack of trying. one day i went to a headache specialist from mount sinai who doesn't accept insurance. back then it was 500.00 a visit. this was my second visit. i finally said to him that i am at my ends rope. i couldn't do this for much longer. this was nearing christmas. that was on a friday. monday morning my neurosurgeon calls me 8 months after my brain surgery and asked me how i was. he asked me to come back into columbia and get yet another mri (at least ten at that point) spinal tap to look for infections, and some labs they need to run. of course, i did go in for all testing and once they did the spinal tap a headache came on much different than the clusters. it was more like pressure-intense pressure. i told the person that performed it and they told me to go home and rest. that was a thursday. i called my doctor on friday, but he was away for the weekend. i asked for someone else and told them what my symptoms were. i could not stand up at all and they said call the doctor on monday. you all need to be your own activists. i should have gone straight to the hospital, but i was a good little patient who waited and suffered endlessly. monday morning, i went in for spinal blood patch. that evening i went home waiting for the next attack. one day past, nothing. second day, nothing, a week, so far so good and not really understanding why but so damn grateful. christmas and new years eve. were headache free. i schedule an appt with the neurosurgeon and asked what in the world he though happened to me. he said it's a new phenomenon. people all over the world are reporting that people were being treating for migraine headaches when in fact they are something called spontaneous spinal leaks. this was all in 2012.\n2019. a gastroenterologist who saw me in the hospital back in 2012 called me and said he remembered my headaches and wanted to know how they were resolved. i explained the story and he sent his friend's wife in for a patch. i saw him months later and he said it worked and he didn't understand why neurologist didn't know that this could help people. of course, this is not his specialty so he wouldn't look any further. therefore, i constantly post my story because i wholeheartedly know that this will work for people.\ntoday there is much more research available guys. just go look. i hate the idea of anyone suffering like this when there is an easy fix. those of you that are like i was years ago,\nat the end of the rope have nothing to lose by trying this. then you can come back and let me know so others can also have the information. @maha nassar how ? ? plz tell me\nwhat is your name , where you live, how old are you my friend . my name is vishal , i live in india , im 22 and daily in 10 am morning the unbearable pain starts and stops at 1 pm exactly !! now it's 4 months passed and im used to pain of headach !! @vishal kumarditto. thank you. i have been pain free for approx. 7 years. @maha nassar my friend it's so painful that you went through such parody i can't explain my feelings in words but honestly may god bless you with good health . i will pray for you!! in 2010 i got into a motor vehicle accident and hurt my back. during the course of the year or so a specialist gave me four epidural injections. in. 2012 i had a brain aneurysm (unrelated). shortly after the surgery i started getting headaches. i thought it was part of the recovery and mentioned it to the doctor at my follow up. they said i was having migraines. migraines vs clusters=zero comparison. by the third month these attacks were in full force. i tried calling my surgeon again and again and his nurse would tell me that this was my new quality of life. i started seeing one neurologist after another. i must have seen 15 different doctors who btw all said i was not suffering clusters because i did not fit the profile. they gave me so many different medications and some even said you have to be a compliant patient and give the medications time. i used to take the medicine for at least a week even though the meds would extend the attacks and make me so sick that i would be dizzy and vomit for a week. i really wanted it to work and stuck to it for as long as i could. one of the last medications they put me on was lithium. one word \"wow\" anyway, i had occipital nerve blocks, various injections, experimental procedures, was seen by a chiropractic and an acupuncturist. the oxygen that works for some people i used as a breathing assist because i would have the worst anxiety when the attacks started. i would walk, crawl, yell, hit my head on walls. i would just rock back and forth and hum because i was just helpless, but not for lack of trying. one day i went to a headache specialist from mount sinai who doesn't accept insurance. back then it was 500.00 a visit. this was my second visit. i finally said to him that i am at my ends rope. i couldn't do this for much longer. this was nearing christmas. that was on a friday. monday morning my neurosurgeon calls me 8 months after my brain surgery and asked me how i was. he asked me to come back into columbia and get yet another mri (at least ten at that point) spinal tap to look for infections, and some labs they need to run. of course, i did go in for all testing and once they did the spinal tap a headache came on much different than the clusters. it was more like pressure-intense pressure. i told the person that performed it and they told me to go home and rest. that was a thursday. i called my doctor on friday, but he was away for the weekend. i asked for someone else and told them what my symptoms were. i could not stand up at all and they said call the doctor on monday. you all need to be your own activists. i should have gone straight to the hospital, but i was a good little patient who waited and suffered endlessly. monday morning, i went in for spinal blood patch. that evening i went home waiting for the next attack. one day past, nothing. second day, nothing, a week, so far so good and not really understanding why but so damn grateful. christmas and new years eve. were headache free. i schedule an appt with the neurosurgeon and asked what in the world he though happened to me. he said it's a new phenomenon. people all over the world are reporting that people were being treating for migraine headaches when in fact they are something called spontaneous spinal leaks. this was all in 2012.\n2019. a gastroenterologist who saw me in the hospital back in 2012 called me and said he remembered my headaches and wanted to know how they were resolved. i explained the story and he sent his friend's wife in for a patch. i saw him months later and he said it worked and he didn't understand why neurologist didn't know that this could help people. of course, this is not his specialty so he wouldn't look any further. therefore, i constantly post my story because i wholeheartedly know that this will work for people.\ntoday there is much more research available guys. just go look. i hate the idea of anyone suffering like this when there is an easy fix. those of you that are like i was years ago,\nat the end of the rope have nothing to lose by trying this. then you can come back and let me know so others can also have the information. this thing is so painful. i started having them at seventeen and am 20 and wow it feels like death @maha nassar it was weird but right now i feel ok. thanks for the advice @lavender ochieng ? you received the blood patch? if so, how are you feeling? @maha nassar yes i did sorry for the delay. i'm not on social media often. jesus christ i wish i could make these stop..they hurt so damn bad i want to die with this pain it's not the pain. one can live with pain. it's the attrition. when it comes back, every time you try to rest, it's there. it grows stronger and you grow weaker.\ni'm a lucky one. it strikes for less than a month and then i'm fine for more than a year. i really have nothing to complain about and i really, really admire the ones less lucky than me. it cannot break us, in the end, stay strong i get migraine, cluster and tension headaches. every day i have them i fantasize about suicide. @teachandfunnstuff sounds like a tension headache. make sure to not spend too much time on phones or computers. @t im 14 but im not sure if it occurs mostly in older people. i had a bad pain in my eye like 4 hours ago. im not sure if its just a bad headache or a cluster headache. luckily ibroprofen helped after i got my sleep. it hurted slot but i didn't really feel overwhelmed. @teachandfunnstuff absolutely. i have thought about it as well when i have them. the pain is overwhelming. @t so thats why they are also called suicide headaches, people killed themselves from this headache. @teachandfunnstuff cluster are ny far the worst but they are rare and over within 1-4 hours. migraines kind of beat you down with the frequency of them. clustifer, short movie about cluster headache , a rare illness also called suicide headache , the most painful condition known to medical science.\nhttps://youtu.be/g3bbscwubz4 mine have started again this winter. it's hell. @bethany h please keep me posted. @maha nassar thank you so, so much for the suggestion. i'm going to talk to neuro about it. i'm so glad to hear that you got relief. i can't imagine dealing with these headaches that long. i had to fix all my errors lol i searched that bc im 10 and i have it rmnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn @inactive channel you're pure evil, insulting a ten years old that has to go through the worse pain in the world, i doubt even satan would have dared. i feel really bad for you, im sorry you have to go through that just take magic mushrooms is it really that hard? may god heal everyone with pain in their body in jesus name amen i get them like alot, i do not like scream and cry like they do, god bless them tho. god help them all *may the advances in medecine and research help them i got those 2 to 8 times a day everyday for the past year and a half, i cant take it no more . this is the worst pain ever i would take my eye out if i could , please god help me... it feels like being stabbed in the head with a scythe with someone jiggling it and the tip scratching the back of your head. is it anything like thunderclap headache because that one hurts a lot as well i'm so sorry :( i suffered with these for 35 years, i also suffered with gout. i would describe the pain as like gout in your head. indiscribable horror everyday of a bout.luckily i am in remission,have been for some years now don't know why i do take a pill every day to stop gout, maybe that's it. i had this horrible pain for more than half of my life. then i just chainged my eating habbits, no sugar, no grains and no meat and fish for 3 months. after 3 weeks it was completely gone. was the only thing that helped, and also the additional benefit for my body was wonderful. it's like someone is taking a hammer and is hammering you over and over but you're not passing out or dead :( cluster headaches can be painful too,\nbut it aint the worst pain possible lsd and psychedelic mushrooms (psilocybin) have shown miraculous results in preventing attacks. i remember seeing this on the national geographic channel. it's actually how i learned about cluster headaches. but they were saying lsd is extremely helpful in treating cluster headaches. really interesting. are they even legal? if only they sold those at tesco incorrectly diagnosed.....fuck for years i was told i had sinus problems, recently got toldby a specialist that i don't seem to have any sinus issues. hi bbc #bbc can you please update this report what happen on the research, im a cluster headache patient. i suffer every winter is coming. please update this report. ive luckily only ever experienced 1 of these a couple years ago and my god the pain is indescribable... like someone drilling into your eye socket, absolutely awful... if you only had one, you never had it. it was something else. not saying whatever it was wasn't painful, but it wasn't a cluster. try whatever you had seven times a day, for weeks on end i feel bad for these people i get cluster headaches i'm autumn and winter , , , , :( is this most painful condition,more than trigeminal neuralgia? clusters are extreme!!! my brother has had them now for 18 years, not the constant ones, he does have pain free periods. recently i found that aluminum in the brain damages the hypothalamus. the only way aluminum can by pass filters is by injection, vaccines. the aluminum can stay in your body and not even do anything for 20 years or longer. there can be trigger times it starts to be felt. it must be detoxed out of your brain so healing can take place. magnesium needs to be taken and some form of chelating like taking ascorbic acid which is vitamin c. medication of any kind only suppresses this. medication can cause more damage in the long run. good luck!!! i feel like putting 2 bullets in my head. one in my right eye and the other in the corner/side!!!!!!!! if only i had one i never get headaches there is a sesquihoral (1.5 hour) body rhythm which times chs, also rem sleep-- only one of the complex timing factors for chs. but there is no info in the web that i can find. i'm so sorry for people who get these and i'm i'm so thankful to allah that i don't get these, so sorry for those who go through this. i have cluster headaches and believe me is so painful, it hits me every day, i feel like needles in my head, it happens to me every day, i already visited my doctor 3 times, i got 3 injections and still have it, i wish this to no body, right now i'm taking some pills that was prescribed by my doctor, it stop the pain every time i hits me, it's been a month with this pain, i wish it stops. i have one right now. the pain is unbearable please let me die blood patch-it was not the reason they gave me the blood patch but as soon as i received it the attacks\n(beast) stopped instantly. i had them for eight months straight, multiple times a day until the patch was administered. i have not had one since. it has been 6 years with no further episodes. . my cluster headaches are triggered by my sinuses. i usually sit in the car with the ac on or go in the living room with the ac blowing cold. that usually helps me. it stops everything after a while.\ni can feel my nose stopped up, and then it switches back and forth. my symptoms or; sensitive to smells, jaw hurts, teeth hurts, sinus in the back of the nose, back of the eyes, my left side temple is the worst, feeling fatigue, getting chills, bright lights, ears real sensitive, runny nose, eyes watering, and mouth get very slobbery.\nmy remedy to help me is being in the ac and try to eat and drink a little something if you can. i hope this helps somebody out there who suffers like me. because medicine doesn't help...sad. it is so terrible. i just cant discribe it... i had this!!!! but now im cured thanks to hijama!!! please do hijama i suffered for 25 years and finally discovered that it was wheat/gluten products that was my main trigger. i suffered every day of my life. if you have daily symptoms the chances are it will be something you are ingesting. i urge you to cut out 95 % of foods and test until you find the culprit(s). i have been so much better since i stopped eating wheat. it is a like a new lease of life. thankfully i only get the odd one now from time to time which i can cope with. nowadays i do eat wheatoccasionally as i love my pizzas, but if continue to eat it on a daily basis the headaches will return. i hope this helps someone! if i had a gun i would shoot my self it is that painful, also lots of heat and keep the heat coming for more or less 20 mins and then remove the heat and wait and see if it comes back then heat again if not then the pain is less i have both paraperlegic and cluster headaches! two of the rarest forms of headaches and i can say they are awful! the first time i got one my mother thoughy i was having a stroke. @mad flak i generally only get them 2 times a year now tbh but they are really bad and i do get pressure headaches more now because of them! when i first had them i got them about 6 times a month but thankfully after about 3 years taking persotifen medication and cutting out dairy products completely out of my diet im much better but sadly others are not as fortunate. @darth nihilus i sympathise with you, i know how terrible it is. i had them everyday (25 years). it was wheat products for me(gluten). the only good advice i can offer you is to try a strict diet of just of 5 or 6 items of food an live on that for one month. i know it is boring, but if you just ate 1 type of meat and 3 veg and 3 fruit and nothing else for one month, no sweets alcohol or processed foods, and thensee evaluate how you have been over the 4 weeks. if there is an improvement that could be a sign that something in your diet is the culprit. i was lucky, i read an article about gluten causing cluster headaches so decided to cut out all wheat from my diet. within 5 weeks i was headache free (10 years) and now i only get them very occasionally. lack of sleep and alcohol are 2 other triggers for me. give it a try, you have nothing to loose and everything to gain. i truly hope you get fixed up bud! i had horrible headache and i was hitting my head behind the doors :( lols me grain having this is too much pain for one single person to handle the pain is the pinnicle of what a human can endure! its honestly a pain that would make even the mighty drop to their knees. seeing fully grown adults not handling good at all makes me scared asf i started getting these in 2016 and they hit me bad in the fall. they get so bad that dying is the only option. i've been suffering with severe migraine headaches..... sometimes i cry. i rock myself back and forth. it is crazy senthi raja i dislike it. i got an appointment with a neurologist for thursday i suffer from regular migraines and tension headaches.\ni have nausea and vomiting . the pain is unbearable. i heard it's more painful that giving birth. i hope these people are good. as a man i cant comment on that but as someone who has this its honestly the worse pain i have ever felt. cajuput oil and coin in my neck( kerokan in indonesian) and hot tea help me better ...headache cluster so painful...2 panadol extra but need to eat first..its my way to my headache cluster needs to be a cure @villainousvill so do i! i am 26 and have been suffering through this since i was 12. @morgoth it's horrible i suffer from this and this is the reaction everyone has im afraid there will never be a cure for this. someday i had a very severe attack of cluster that i was running out with my wife searching for a medicine to help, i took many pills with no help, then went to the hospital they said bp and everything else is normal but i was still cannot even open my eyes, it gets you mad searching for anything to help you. i ask god not to make anyone else suffering this. @alaa fawzi ok can u please elaborate your prescription??? @dominic savio whenever needed @alaa fawzi how long u r continuing medicine now i'm fine, but still having headaches some times severe, but whenever it starts i just take acetaminophen 1000 mg even if small headache because if no treatment it gets worse, thanks for asking)). how is your health now i feel cluster headache now same time every day 2 weeks now.. oh god ,pls help me..! i only meds norgesic paracetamol... pls help any one who knows home remedy? ask your doctor for varapamil or some type of calcium blocker takes about 2 weeks to work won't take away the cycle but will knock out all the headaches. i suffer from clusters and having a cycle as we speak i started taking 120mg of varapamil and after 2 weeks they kick in have not had an attack in 5 days only small offsets or trimmers. my cluster headaches don't last 15min they last all-day and come every day for 6 months then go away for like 2 years the pain is nothing you want to deal with i no how you guys feel i kno we are all different put give varapamil generic for calan a shot ask your doctor about a calcium blocker no need to be in all that pain hope you guys feel better. i am one of them and the season is almost there. i have two kids 7and 4, and they are the only reason i don't commit suicide. i don't want them to grow up without a father. i understand. i was exactly where you are. that was 7 years ago after i got a blood patch. please look into it. what do you have to lose. good luck disclaimer: not everyone with cluster headaches is this severe! the severity of them varies. some cluster headaches are a 5/10, others a solid 10. some days i feel like a knife is stabbing me in the eye, other days like today, it's a nagging, dull achey pain that just lingers. @milkietom you're on injections for yours? i'm sorry to hear that. i can't imagine what's it like to deal with them for 20 years. geez. stay strong <3 i disagree. it's an anomaly to do with veins around a nerve in the eye/temple area (not that i have to tell you all) the servility is linked to blood flow, getting worked up, stressed or angry will only raise your heart rate increasing blood flow. i find low light and ice on my head, eyes closed and deep breath's normally stop the attack within 10 minutes. ice cold shower and the car air conditioning work too. i've found lowering my body temp stops the headache. not always possible so i keep my injections at hand but i hate taking them. i've had them now for 20 years. hopefully this will help someone sometimes when my cluster headache is so bad i feel like stabbing my head with a knife would be less painful than my headache @drdelirious omg i'm so sorry to hear that :( are you on a treatment plan for your cluster attacks? are you getting better? one side of your skull crushed. and a hot poker inserted in your eye socket nasal cavity and inner ear. i felt numbness on my left face and feel like someone stabbing by needle in my left eye is that horrible pain. i am taking naproxen prescribed by dr and took oxygen that helped me for four weeks ago but pain came back once medicine finished. i don't want to depend on painkillers. any suggestions for natural remedies? thank you. the bad part is you just slap your head harder than anything ...\nand people think it's easy to do..\nit's just i never cried for this headache..but it's growing and growing ....i don't know...but i need a doctor.... @txxt thankuu...but are you indian? b t s you too man, hopefully it ain't nothing. @txxt yeaa..mine too..\ni don't know if this is cluster headache or not...but whatever this stands for it isn't simple to hold...it's very different than migraine and normal headache...may you will be safe..take care of yourself... b t s i feel like mine has been growing in pain as well...it's been a couple of years since it started now. i get cluster headaches but they only last 5 minutes anna house mine last a hour or hour and a half i have asked my girlfriend to kill me out of mercy during an attack. when they first started i thought a bug was eating the back of my eye. its by far the worst pain iver ever experienced. in 2010 i got into a motor vehicle accident and hurt my back. during the course of the year or so a specialist gave me four epidural injections. in. 2012 i had a brain aneurysm (unrelated). shortly after the surgery i started getting headaches. i thought it was part of the recovery and mentioned it to the doctor at my follow up. they said i was having migraines. migraines vs clusters=zero comparison. by the third month these attacks were in full force. i tried calling my surgeon again and again and his nurse would tell me that this was my new quality of life. i started seeing one neurologist after another. i must have seen 15 different doctors who btw all said i was not suffering clusters because i did not fit the profile. they gave me so many different medications and some even said you have to be a compliant patient and give the medications time. i used to take the medicine for at least a week even though the meds would extend the attacks and make me so sick that i would be dizzy and vomit for a week. i really wanted it to work and stuck to it for as long as i could. one of the last medications they put me on was lithium. one word \"wow\" anyway, i had occipital nerve blocks, various injections, experimental procedures, was seen by a chiropractic and an acupuncturist. the oxygen that works for some people i used as a breathing assist because i would have the worst anxiety when the attacks started. i would walk, crawl, yell, hit my head on walls. i would just rock back and forth and hum because i was just helpless, but not for lack of trying. one day i went to a headache specialist from mount sinai who doesn't accept insurance. back then it was 500.00 a visit. this was my second visit. i finally said to him that i am at my ends rope. i couldn't do this for much longer. this was nearing christmas. that was on a friday. monday morning my neurosurgeon calls me 8 months after my brain surgery and asked me how i was. he asked me to come back into columbia and get yet another mri (at least ten at that point) spinal tap to look for infections, and some labs they need to run. of course, i did go in for all testing and once they did the spinal tap a headache came on much different than the clusters. it was more like pressure-intense pressure. i told the person that performed it and they told me to go home and rest. that was a thursday. i called my doctor on friday, but he was away for the weekend. i asked for someone else and told them what my symptoms were. i could not stand up at all and they said call the doctor on monday. you all need to be your own activists. i should have gone straight to the hospital, but i was a good little patient who waited and suffered endlessly. monday morning, i went in for spinal blood patch. that evening i went home waiting for the next attack. one day past, nothing. second day, nothing, a week, so far so good and not really understanding why but so damn grateful. christmas and new years eve. were headache free. i schedule an appt with the neurosurgeon and asked what in the world he though happened to me. he said it's a new phenomenon. people all over the world are reporting that people were being treating for migraine headaches when in fact they are something called spontaneous spinal leaks. this was all in 2012.\n2019. a gastroenterologist who saw me in the hospital back in 2012 called me and said he remembered my headaches and wanted to know how they were resolved. i explained the story and he sent his friend's wife in for a patch. i saw him months later and he said it worked and he didn't understand why neurologist didn't know that this could help people. of course, this is not his specialty so he wouldn't look any further. therefore, i constantly post my story because i wholeheartedly know that this will work for people.\ntoday there is much more research available guys. just go look. i hate the idea of anyone suffering like this when there is an easy fix. those of you that are like i was years ago,\nat the end of the rope have nothing to lose by trying this. then you can come back and let me know so others can also have the information. this is scary af !! wow, i suffer from this and thought i was the only one until i made the research. i feel like putting a gun on my head when i get this, ive been observing the things i eat and drink and whenever i drink pepsi i get it, or whenever i drink lets say a coca cola today and tomorrow i drink a cup of coffee is when i get it but i think there could be other things that cause it but whenever i drink pepsi i get so i haven't been drinking it for almost 3 years. i hold the pain until its gone but i just want to die when i get it, when its going away it feels like something electrocutes above my eye, its the worst pain ive been having it for a month now. i am sorry for everyone who go's through this because we knw its living hell when we get this pain. one thing that helps me when i start feeling the pain is closing my eyes and sitting down, done it twice and its works, maybe you guys can try doing the same. in my 16 years of having clusters, i have tried everything except oxygen, which i want to try. for me, i have found that simple push ups/planking/lifting 25lb weights decreases the pain right away along with going to the chiropractor and using cbd oils. also, large amounts of ice on the forehead takes away most of the pain too. i also take 5 vitamins a day to deter clusters: niacin, d3, b12, vitamin c and magnesium. i have had 4 cycles in 16 years. each one lasts about 1 month, but an attack almost everyday. i usually get mine 20 mins into sleeping or after 1 or 2 beers. i sure hope there's a cure soon. i truly understand why they call it the suicide headache... my gf found me bashing my head against the wall while in the shower. they are horrible and i do not wish them upon anyone david i may be able to help. are you interested ? magic mushrooms. lots of anecdotal evidence is appearing. the biggest problem with cluster headaches is the trivial name. for such excruciating pain, it should have been given a more serious name. @the campbell so sorry to hear that. have you tried magic mushrooms as a treatment? apparently it's a very effective treatment. @grace its similar to like a toothache pain but i had a toothache and the clusters are still maybe 5 times worse @zack fulton that's true but just the headache part makes ppl not take it serious..like jobs and schools and stuff. the only way they will understand is if they had one for 5 minutes..it would literally blow their minds @lily bash more like a flaming pickaxe @james knight lost 3 jobs because of it when i get my cluster headaches i can't even close my eyes if you have cluster headaches, i'm very sorry. this looks very hard to deal with. i can't begin to imagine what it must be like. literally a normal headache is painful for me, can't imagine 1000 times worse, and by your eye. prayers to y'all, it's a really bad desease. now i'm paranoid i'll get one same dude i had one at school and went to the nurse and slept it off i take 50 mg of benadryl and it knocks out the migraine completely. histamine is causing the pain. an antihistamine gives relief.\nthe high histamine can be attributed to bad digestive bacteria. during your cycle you have to avoid high histamine foods and start taking a probiotic to get your gut bacteria back in balance. benadryl is bad long term tho. i agree with bacteria thru taking probiotics. it's the problem with most ppl today is imbalanced gut flora however tho, my brother has had them now for 18 years, not the constant ones, he does have pain free periods. recently i found that aluminum in the brain damages the hypothalamus. the only way aluminum can by pass filters is by injection, vaccines. the aluminum can stay in your body and not even do anything for 20 years or longer. there can be trigger times it starts to be felt. it must be detoxed out of your brain so healing can take place. magnesium needs to be taken and some form of chelating like taking ascorbic acid which is vitamin c. medication of any kind only suppresses this. medication can cause more damage in the long run. good luck!!! anyone suffering who hasn't tried verapamil before definitely should do.\nthey're the only thing to have me helped in over 10 years. i have them like periods it hurts so much it makes you throw up @jzzz avgh oh shit, lol have a good day @plasmified you got confused, he weren't talking about having periods he has cluster head aches and you said he didn't @jzzz avgh bruh what? @plasmified i've found the youtube doctor but this is much worse i think medical marijuana would help with the symptoms,, (edibles,,, smoking,,,),,,, you would have to find the right strain, (very important),,, not just 'any' marijuana, i think the oxygen is a very, very good idea,,,,, and definitely do not drink alcohol,, // .. never mix alcohol and medical marijuana,,, i dont get cluster headaches, i get thunderclap headaches.\nthe best way to describe them is to imagine a hand grenade going off in your head all of a sudden. probably from yelling smithers allergies are the trigger for cluster headache. this sounds about right to what's happening to my daughter since she was almost 2 yrs old. anyone else knows of someone with cluster headaches since they were toddlers? your help and experience will be greatly appreciated. thanks. i've got a friend who suffers from this they're so strong how can mushrooms be use plzz answer only the magic mushrooms and theyre classified as a drug and illegal this is insanely horrible. i wish no one ever feel this on their own. i wonder how cannabis treatment would fare with this affliction. @thebeatleswin1 i can second that.. i suffer from these and it doesn't help at all doesn't do anything, makes it worse half the time please look into a blood patch. i am soooo sure that this is the answer. i'm currently getting the attacks between 1-3am. it's like the pain from hell. i get them every june this is so painful, you literally feel like someone is taking your head and banging it against a wall or being stabbed in the eye i had 5 of these in a span of two years, they were brought on after my mini stroke in 2015.\ni've given birth 2 times, and i can promise you these are ten times worse :( i can't imagine being someone who has them everyday. i do have migraines every single day, but there's no comparison.\nmy family thought i was over exaggerating and told me to hush when i was screaming during the attacks. i know somebody with this condition. please make sure they see this my mom had one it was jsut once she didn't have it chronic like the video but it was terrible. get some endone i've only had them bad a few times. i'd have offed myself by now they hadn't gone away. i still get the burning eye and blocked nose but nowhere like the first few times. when i first had one i was playing with a pencil battery and i thought i had battery acid in my eye it was so bad. i had these as a child, until i was put on ssris. i have never had one since. i just turned 37, and the last one i had as at 11. i have no idea why people in the uk are so afraid to use medication. @simach masgof all i can say is it worked ssri is preventative for migraines this is much worse why does everyone in this comment section think that they have cluster headaches lol it's a very brave thing to do. i suffer from weather migraines which will be nowhere near as severe as this, but i know to some degree how they feel. offering yourself up as a medical guinea pig is kind of thiem to help identify what causes their problems. i wish them the best of luck i get these in small doses. i don't get them for longer than 10-20 seconds . it's in my right eye and it's stabbing awful pain. i wish there was a was to get rid of it. i betcha there is a cure for this, but they simply wont give it. just like aids, cancer and many more manmade deseases id take any treatment any implant anything at all and during an attack id happily take a bullet i am suffering to please help i have a chronic ch, which means all year round, all the time no breaks, i'm on several meds and nothing is stopping it, my advice to you sufferers, and the only things that really works fast with me is hot water, really hot water, put your head under a hot water tab hypericum perforatum as tea every evening. and pray for me. lol that feels nothing like grabbing your face me grain just one word and thats from a chronic clusterhead\npsylocibin, go try it. eh? i have it and i am only 11 but it is not that painfoul but it still hurts i had one once a few months ago during landing on a plane, it was one of the worst pains ever, felt like your whole eye region was getting stabbed with a fork ask your neurologist to try pregabalin seriously nothing worked i was on zolmatriptan as i could not bare the sumatriptan injections and diazipam at night to try and get a bit of sleep in oh and my oxygen but now only take pregabalin 3 times a day thank you dr dada you know your shit also tried naproxen sodium valporate some tricyclic antidepressant forgot the name now and a few other things over the last decade i was nearly going to go the surgical route but finally found something that works oh and i had my back teeth pulled incase it was dental pain fuck cch it is living hell mine last exactly 45 minutes if untreated, but it's a bloody long 45mins how are you treating yours? i just got high flow oxygen and a special mask to try, but i am scared. i have been dealing with them for years. kept telling doctors i was dealing with er level head pain and it was ignored. i also have migraines and tension headaches, but these cluster headaches are worse than both by far. and i hear you about time. it is like time stands still and all there is is pain that feels like torture. @truthful news and politics my brother has had them now for 18 years, not the constant ones, he does have pain free periods. recently i found that aluminum in the brain damages the hypothalamus. the only way aluminum can by pass filters is by injection, vaccines. the aluminum can stay in your body and not even do anything for 20 years or longer. there can be trigger times it starts to be felt. it must be detoxed out of your brain so healing can take place. magnesium needs to be taken and some form of chelating like taking ascorbic acid which is vitamin c. medication of any kind only suppresses this. medication can cause more damage in the long run. good luck!!! please do hijama i get 3 month cycles during which i am extremely run down / feels like auto immune disease.. is this common? not saying the n word for a entire minute challenge. i was shivering from only he thought of this disease and nearly crying for those affected and still had to laugh out loud because of this comment. i hate you so much. is now a good time to tell you i feel like im dying ? i have cluster headaches. i don't understand how they are so in pain. although they are painful they are so over reacted in this video. im pretty young but im not sure thats why i can handle it. i feel very bad for these people..bless them.. i hope me or anyone else doesn't have to go through it. oh yeah sorry lol dg would or wouldn't . i can't watch people suffer like that :( i think im starting to get these. they're not this horrid though, i hope its just bad migraines. it happened to me last night for the firstime, its so painful. i have up to 8 to 12 attacks a day have done for the last 3 years my life ended when i got this condition can't go out can't do anything is i swet or\nget to hot like i've been training it brings it on apart from that they come on\non there own and can last hours i've had an attack that lasted up to 3 and half hours usually they last hour and half 2 hours the bad attacks but they can last half hour or 40 mins .. i struggle everyday what ever tablets they put me on they never work they dim the pain for a while some times stop couple attacks but they build up and hit me like a ton of bricks on fire with acid i just want my life back can't they take it away for good ??? i've suffered these attacks myself for years. just recently i was prescribed sumatriptin injection (6 mg). i know most people dont like pharmaceutical drugs - especially injectiing oneself, but it worked for me. my pain was off the scale and up to three bouts per day, lasting up to a couple of hours and happening for up to 12 weeks. hope this helps some. clonazepam or klonopin works for my chronic all over nerve pain ive had for many years..yes they are addictive and i am addicted or dependant if you will but its better than day pain..bless you all..there must be something for those horrific headaches.. jesus, this looks like it hurts a lot! this was getting me upset how people were reacting, i hoe they find a cure for this i have that and i remains for weeks i think this headache is here because of how the world is and how we experience it. all we do is outside ouer natural instinct and we get confused. ouer brains react in a certain way on this and some ppl.... get this.. a megrain i've seen what this is like, my father suffers from them, he's one of the strongest people i've ever know, but whoever he has an attack he will curl up into a ball and cry into his oxygen max and it breaks my heart. that's why i always tell people about this when they complain about having a migraine, yes they are bad but they are nothing compared to the pain from a cluster headache i can't imagine how bad a cluster headache is, but that doesn't mean we should disregard the pain of migraine. migraine is also an excruciatingly painful disability. @elthadiya are you telling me that you think pain is implanted into you? i feel lucky when i get a migraine oh my gosh please make them better! 0:23 wtf ? i'm having one right now that's why i searched this @alan champagne some people can actually have a cluster period of over a year and a pain free period that last's less than a month. this is known as a chronic cluster headache, and for those who've experienced this condition; i am truly hopeful that, some day, you'll find relief from this condition. @alan champagne people who have cluster headaches are typically restless and can't stay still. i don't see how you would have typed this during an attack. likewise. today has been a bad day i'm not lying, i rather takes everybody's cluster headaches pain to me so i will feel their pain... 0:54 \"it's a primeval pain\", but he's looking at the camera like he's gonna get laid by groupies and get more business from the interview. sounds more social/physical so this what im expiriencing every single day, and im 13 y.o. how do you feel now? i'm now 21 feeling them, but i was 13 when i had my first share of it.. i understand your pain. you arent alone, and it won't last forever. you'll be okay, i promise. i had cluster headaches all my life. then at 33 years old after a 3 weeks ordeal of ch i had one that went on hrs. i was thinking i would die then pain went up up up i felt some thing burst inside my head i pass out. when i awoke never had another ch since that night. that been over 35 years ago. happened to me once cant explain the f****** pain they don't just happen once... you had a migraine i'm having one right now plz help ehdhdjdjjs worlds most painful disease i would kill myself that's fucked i've been getting these for about 2 years and i'm 16 years old. when this happens my vision starts to flash and the pain in my head is intolerable and after about an hour of the agonizing pain i throw up. the pain is about the equivalent of getting bowling balls smashed on each side's of your head... anyways, have a great day! that's a migraine, not a cluster ima little kid and i have clusters 1 like = 1 prayer my crush had one and he had to go home,i feel so bad. i used to get them, without fail, in summer and heightens in the fall. now, they are becoming chronic and i've had 5 of them in the last 2 weeks. i can't take it anymore. i've thought i've had migraines for years. none of the triptans worked so my gp suggested this. it is literally hell. my last one was on and off for 3 days and my worst one was during pregnancy . it's enough to cause ptsd\nmagic mushrooms i'm sorry for the sufferers. we gotta turn to jesus and leave sin behind. god bless y'all man. preach the gospel! john 3:16 it hurts so much i have them sometimes i get these headaches but not as bad as shown in this video. will it get worse overtime? currently suffering a cluster migraine, i've never felt this pain before i'm dying inside. i pop a shitload of oxycodon, to the point were my breathing almost stops! still, it only mitigates the top of the iceberg! deepwood motte opiates make it worse one more reason not to have kids. 25 years i have suffered with this evil. 3 months on, 2 weeks off, 2-5 times a day behind my right eye. what's so sad is a vast majority of physicians have no clue what we go thru, and instead label a lot of us as drug seekers when we go to the er during the worst of times. i've even had an er doctor curse at me and my fam who brought me, calling me a liar before i nearly knocked his lips off. we have a right to be treated like people and not animals. so for everyone who suffers the way i do with these things, i've a lot of love and respect. to be able to keep going despite everyone and everything working against us is a miracle. it is about bad positioning of fascia and squeezing. you are welcome i had one it felt like a car running over my head there's good evidence that psilocybin helps cluster headaches. i have had a headache close to a cluster i am so angry and insulted by the arrogance of certain people. this condition always puts a temporary hold on my life, and to get the added stress i find that i have to constantly explain what it is to work managers and colleagues who think i am just taking time off for migraines. people who don't suffer from this should never question the pain as just being a headache and that we are just trying to find an excuse for time off. it's that kind ignorant behaviour that just add more stress to an already debilitating and depressive condition. blood patch-please just look into it my be you have stomach issue or thoetroat eye infection nerve if but the ice with out any blastic you can see what happened i suffer from this cluster headache yatini every year all doctors have no solution and no knowledge of this disease did anyone find a solution i hope to write to me medical marijuana or cbd helps without thc 0:07 dafuq ?! rachel starbuck, maybe she likes coffee i get clusters at least 3 times a month when the season changes (spring and summer). i've found the hot coffee trick works about 50% of the time (quickly sipping very hot coffee through a straw). the remaining 50% there's nothing i can do except wish for death. horrible having suffered with these for nearly 10 years now i can honestly say i wouldn't wish them on an enemy. sumatriptan tablets certainly help but don't always work. i have found slow deep breathing can help. i usually do this whilst running both hands under cold water. alternating cold hands on the pain area offers mild relief also. the worst thing you can do with these headaches is get stressed and angry with them.... easier said than done i know! try and relax. for years mine came just as i put my head on the pillow. then again as i put my head back on the pillow. repeat 4 or 5 times a night. brutal. i'm 4 weeks into a cluster now having not suffered for 15 months. yes, lucky, i know. these ones are mostly between 6 and 7pm although i have been having them through the night. i've also found this cluster to be the most horrific pain i've had yet. it pulses in my eye, eye brow, upper cheek, temple, jaw and behind my ear lobe. they leave a constant aching feeling all the next day on the effected side of my head. scared to fall asleep some nights. omg, i usually get them during change of seasons, behind my right eye. what works for me is laying down in a dark room, deep breathing and a hot towel on the right side of my eye. i have one right know and i'm kinda crying right now adrenal glan. dr morse have some tinture ok . i helped a woman suffering from these headaches for 27 years! there is a root taken just one time for these headaches. here is her testimonial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fga_kipnmfy&t=5s my brother suffers with these headaches. awful to be around and see. couldn't imagine the pain off actually having one.\nhe is hoping to go on the oxygen tanks soon.\nhorrible to be so helpless while someone is struggling with one. wish i could stop them for him. terrifying \"meegrain\" when i had migrains coke cola made it worse.but i find with cluster headaches it helps although nothing takes it away. the thing with this headaches is you can feel it coming on .the one side of my face has this tingling , numbing sensation. then very quickly it hits you.the pulsating , pounding pain can come down to to your upper jaw and your nose feels blocked. i believe it's like it's oxygen deprivation to the brain that is causing like.a.pins and needles reaction inside the head that results in this pain. what ever it is.those images acuratly depicts it. i prey for all suffers . i had a headache like 3 years ago... it feel like someone is stabbing my eye and slapping my top back, is that cluster headache??? no lol i'm 14 at the moment and i've been having cluster headaches and migraines for about 8 years now they feel as if someone is forcing their fingers through my eyes. at first i would get them every single day some would be worst than others i used to cry at the top of my lungs as a child around 6-8 that's when i got my glasses and they reduced a jurassic amount however i still get them and they are starting to get worse i especially hate it when i'm at school and i get one because then i automatically know i have to go home the hard part is people not believing the amount of pain i'm actually in it tires me out i can remember in the 3rd to 5th grade i wasent able to go home because my temperature was normal and i would have to throw up for them to take me seriously it's a real struggle having cluster headaches or migraines in general because they stop me physically from learning i've had these headaches for a while now that i now know how mines start first it effects my vision i start seeing dark shapes blocking my abilities to see then a couple minutes later is when it hits it's by far the worst pain i've ever experienced worst than breaking my wrist i truly feel for the people going through this my only concern is if it will continue to get worse and worse like it is right now where i can't possibly take it no more ik im a little late but how are you doing now? have they gotten worse ketorolaco injection or pill\nworks.guaranteed.\nbeware side effects.\ngood luck i too suffer from these, and i greatly suspect they are brought on as a result of accumulated antibiotic neurotoxic sensitivities from childhood to adulthood. @tonya burrell yah bless you. @frankie 22 oh ok!! thank you!! i'll look into that. god bless you :) @tonya burrell ionic magnesium is fast acting. organic msm sulphur will also help. with detox of metals from skin- magnesium salts.\nyah bless yep exactly!!!!!! my brother has had them now for 18 years, not the constant ones, he does have pain free periods. recently i found that aluminum in the brain damages the hypothalamus. the only way aluminum can by pass filters is by injection, vaccines. the aluminum can stay in your body and not even do anything for 20 years or longer. there can be trigger times it starts to be felt. it must be detoxed out of your brain so healing can take place. magnesium needs to be taken and some form of chelating like taking ascorbic acid which is vitamin c. medication of any kind only suppresses this. medication can cause more damage in the long run. good luck!!! how do i prevent them i'm a doctor and i struggle with these. others might think we are exaggerating our symptoms when we say we feel like taking our own lives. of course that's not the answer but it's just to illustrate how bloody awful these pains are. i wondered, to put them in context: for anyone who has gone through childbirth or been unlucky enough to suffer with very painful conditions such as gallstones, kidney stones or migraines, how does the intensity of a cluster headache compare? thanks. doctor would you be open to some alternate treatment ? can you please consider calling this neurologist in yonkers. i will re post the information. @bevinbhoyrul - in answer to your question regarding other painful conditions and chs, during one attack i somehow picked up a double wooden bed on my neck and rammed it into the wall herniating a cervical disc and doing other damage - didn't feel a thing.\nanother time i had a severe ear infection, when the ch passed i came around to find the ear pain had passed and i had goo running down my neck from my ear which must have ruptured at some point. another time i had a dislocated and broken toe, again i was crawling around and bashing into things but didn't feel anything until the ch had passed. same with a burst ovarian cyst. the ch takes over any other pain completely. preston im doing ok thank god... i haven't had a headache for almost a week yeeehaaa long may it last... hope your keeping well? i have cluster headache attacks every few years and it feels like someone is burning the skin over your eye from inside and poking the upper section of your eye with a needle at the same time. no legal pain killer works for me. osteopathic cranial manipulative medicine fixes these permanently. trust god and pray for his will to be done. i had this once in my left eye and it hurt some much i thought i was going to lose my eye. rtd it can happen behind one eye elitestriker95 that's not a cluster headache lol i hope i don't get one i'm only 21 & i'm already suffering to this shit well magic mushrooms helped me im 14 and ive had cluater heaches for 3 years. the first time i had it i started screaming and my mum honestly thought i must have been possessed or something. at first i thought these were migraines but i searched the symptoms i was getting and it came up with cluster headaches. im used to these headaches now, they still hurt like hell but ive learnt to cope with them. i havent been diagnosed with cluster headaches properly bu a doctor but i have all the symptoms ive read about... the pain is honestly the worst feeling in the world. it feels lile someone has got a 1000 degree knife and is consistently thrusting it into my left eye. is there anything to reduce the pain? in 2010 i got into a motor vehicle accident and hurt my back. during the course of the year or so a specialist gave me four epidural injections. in. 2012 i had a brain aneurysm (unrelated). shortly after the surgery i started getting headaches. i thought it was part of the recovery and mentioned it to the doctor at my follow up. they said i was having migraines. migraines vs clusters=zero comparison. by the third month these attacks were in full force. i tried calling my surgeon again and again and his nurse would tell me that this was my new quality of life. i started seeing one neurologist after another. i must have seen 15 different doctors who btw all said i was not suffering clusters because i did not fit the profile. they gave me so many different medications and some even said you have to be a compliant patient and give the medications time. i used to take the medicine for at least a week even though the meds would extend the attacks and make me so sick that i would be dizzy and vomit for a week. i really wanted it to work and stuck to it for as long as i could. one of the last medications they put me on was lithium. one word \"wow\" anyway, i had occipital nerve blocks, various injections, experimental procedures, was seen by a chiropractic and an acupuncturist. the oxygen that works for some people i used as a breathing assist because i would have the worst anxiety when the attacks started. i would walk, crawl, yell, hit my head on walls. i would just rock back and forth and hum because i was just helpless, but not for lack of trying. one day i went to a headache specialist from mount sinai who doesn't accept insurance. back then it was 500.00 a visit. this was my second visit. i finally said to him that i am at my ends rope. i couldn't do this for much longer. this was nearing christmas. that was on a friday. monday morning my neurosurgeon calls me 8 months after my brain surgery and asked me how i was. he asked me to come back into columbia and get yet another mri (at least ten at that point) spinal tap to look for infections, and some labs they need to run. of course, i did go in for all testing and once they did the spinal tap a headache came on much different than the clusters. it was more like pressure-intense pressure. i told the person that performed it and they told me to go home and rest. that was a thursday. i called my doctor on friday, but he was away for the weekend. i asked for someone else and told them what my symptoms were. i could not stand up at all and they said call the doctor on monday. you all need to be your own activists. i should have gone straight to the hospital, but i was a good little patient who waited and suffered endlessly. monday morning, i went in for spinal blood patch. that evening i went home waiting for the next attack. one day past, nothing. second day, nothing, a week, so far so good and not really understanding why but so damn grateful. christmas and new years eve. were headache free. i schedule an appt with the neurosurgeon and asked what in the world he though happened to me. he said it's a new phenomenon. people all over the world are reporting that people were being treating for migraine headaches when in fact they are something called spontaneous spinal leaks. this was all in 2012.\n2019. a gastroenterologist who saw me in the hospital back in 2012 called me and said he remembered my headaches and wanted to know how they were resolved. i explained the story and he sent his friend's wife in for a patch. i saw him months later and he said it worked and he didn't understand why neurologist didn't know that this could help people. of course, this is not his specialty so he wouldn't look any further. therefore, i constantly post my story because i wholeheartedly know that this will work for people.\ntoday there is much more research available guys. just go look. i hate the idea of anyone suffering like this when there is an easy fix. those of you that are like i was years ago,\nat the end of the rope have nothing to lose by trying this. then you can come back and let me know so others can also have the information. i am only 11 and suffer from it, trust me it's so painful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i used to get them it was terrible i am 14 and i have this shit i get mine every spring and autumn and actually live in fear of them hoping i don't ever get them again but it never fails. it started the spring when i turned 18 lasting about an hour once or twice a day for 2 weeks. i thought that was the end of it but it happened the year after and on my 3rd year it surprised me by happening in autumn as well. i'm 23 now still hoping i will never get them again but last night i was woken up to one and all i could do is lie there, cry, yell, kick my legs and take it second by searing second hoping it's ends soon. it never does though. i don't wish this pain on anybody. the next two weeks are going to be hell. i don't have anything i take to make it feel betting if anyone has any advice ? aspirin is shit like we all know but i refuse to believe there is not something i can do or take that will dull it at the very least. i had to call off work because of them and don't know when they will strike.\ni don't want this to be my life.\nmy heart goes out to you guys out there that have it much worse. iv just been diagnosed with these there horrible i was on steroids i was on sumatriptan aswell but now im on topiramate that make me feel sick and my face full of pins and needles and everything tastes like crap we just helped a woman who was suffering for 27 years! here is her testimonial. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fga_kipnmfy&t=11s hahahaha ive experienced cluster headaches i just put on my headphones and listen to anime songs lol absolute worst pain experienced by any human , nothing compares ! , if you aint a strong minded person with a pain threshold as wide as goal posts then these are really gonna mess you up , i know because ive been suffering the past 7 years , the biggest unpredictable pain to interupt everyday life ever known , hopefully one day a permanent relief from this pain will be discovered but until then , do your best i feel what you do to , respect i sadly have it. inhaling pure oxygen helps though. @callitsane918 no.. it's oxygen @bencil busher oh yeah i did! did it once and been headache free for 1year + do hijama miez have you ever tried microdosing lsd? it has been found to be effective at alleviating this. and it lasts for a very long time. whats a \" megrane\" lmao fuck no... i hope to god i don't end up with this shit!!! \"take an aspirin and get some sleep\".\nsleep.\nthat.\nis.\nthe.\nfriggin'\npoint.\ni've been suffering it for 10 years and lost count of the times i've heard that phrase. thank you for helping the world know the truth about this disease. the fuck is a \"meegrain\" it's a migraine it could be because of rapid pressure changes. i usually get headache at that time, and if someone has the cluster headache it could be a stimulant. i swear to god that i feel like putting a bullet thru my head! this pain is from hell!!! cluster headaches are because of glitches in the human body usually the ones that are awake indoor of them the ones that are asleep all act the same @lonecow thats really nice to hear. i will always stay in this comment section and listen to your problems if you need help @dario attipoe yes i am good , i get them sometimes but never really got that bad @lonecow are you good? @michael sledge man god bless you and give you strength to withstand that hell fire.. so far so good with me i haven't got a cluster shit ache yet.. i've had awful headaches my whole life but i'm not sure if i have clusters. i've had horrible ones where i act like that but they're not everyday. i also don't fuck with doctors. last 2 nights they came back for the first time since 2011 hoping they don't stick around for long. i read that acupuncture helps might have to try if it gets really bad. i dont even get these but this made me cry so much. im so sorry for every person who has to deal with this. thank you. i got a migraine right now i always get 1-2 per month no idea, i did figure out it has to do with my food intake and temprature.\nit seems like when it is cold in my house and i dont eat well enough that i am prone to getting a migraine.\ni've got some heavy opoids to deal with it otherwise i wouldn't be able to write this at all.\nbut it's painful enough for me to be laying down. my mum is dealing with it rn. its late night and imma stay up all night for her. shes screaming and its like she has gone mad. she doesnt even know what shes saying. she has migraine too btw. since im 12 i cant stay up at late at night but today i will for my mum imagine having them for ten years and seeing this its like an outer body experience. i cried cannabis helps i just start my cluster headache. man it so painful. i thought i might shear this, i use chinese sucking cups on top my forehead and on the side next to my eye. where the pain is at, it leave a red mark circle but the marks goes alway like 1 0r 2 weeks. the pain come on but less pain before. take two advil man it feel better. just advice from me. i had that only once, bruh i tough my left eye was being squeezed for hours i don't know what should i do tomorrow i will go doctor guys please help i'm having cluster headache noww i was diagnosed with cluster headaches. i realized that my mattress was molded one day while cleaning and was sleeping on it for a few months.\nonce i changed the mattress, cluster headaches completely vanished. the doctor explained that it usually occurs at night, go figure(sleeping on mold at night hahahah).\nunsure if this will help anyone, but wanted to share none the less.\nvibes. i hate cluster headaches because i'm only 12 years old so i hate it pain for a few minutes or a few hours? they act like its the end of the world they can last up to 3 hours. i know because i've endured one for that long. a 'few' is not many but more than one, yet if you're a sufferer of cluster headaches then a few minutes can feel like a lifetime. not sure how my medical condition is relevant yes i know that, but are you currently in constant pain? having pain for a few minutes a day is nothing compared to constant pain the game\ni'm assuming you have had constant pain? bullshit, what if i punch you in the face would it hurt harder ? \"far more intense than a meegrane...\" i cant help it. i am such a terrible person. i have the cure 35 years and counting. every three years in january. oxygen works 80% of the time, otherwise need imitrex injection. beastly painful. you wanna know what a cluster headache feels like? first off just look at those images...they are about right..that state of despair and hopelessness and unable to sit still..pacing like a wild animal\nlet me try to explain to you what it in fact feels like...\ni have had cluster headaches since i was 13 years old...they are episodic...i can time them out to every year like a clock...\nif you want to know what it feels like...imagine this...imagine an ice cream headache at the pinnacle of its pain...that lasts for 45+ minutes....still with me...\nthat is just one aspect of it...now proceed to put that pressure on your eyeball and your jaw because it is the trigeminal nerve so you are having that pain for a constant 45+ minutes...still with me?\nnow imagine just as you are about to fall asleep this demon comes knocking as soon as you fall asleep because some how this is tied in with our biological clock (hypothalamus) and lets get about 4-5 of these a day for 6 weeks straight\nimagine trying to function as a husband/boyfriend/have a career in that time frame or vice versa if you are a female who by the way equate it to (giving birth 4-5 times a day) as they have experienced both clusters and actual childbirth...they give the not to childbirth as being easier.\nsumatriptan injections work...but they are insanely expensive...and they lead to rebound headaches...the cluster headache is like a beast that will evolve every single cycle to counter what you throw at it.\none year i threw it off with red bull/ melatonin/ caffeine pills/ b-12.... i had shadows for an entire 6 weeks.\nnext year...it cut right through that because it had learned...it will get its due.\nmushrooms will work...without question 1000% it will at bare minimum turn your pain to a dulled kip 2-3 on the pain scale.\nall i ask is if you are reading this because a loved one has them or a friend and you are trying to understand...we are not ourselves for 45 minutes...we are taken over...there is no aspirin...it is not a migraine which is an insult because cluster headaches are actually a vascular disease....imagine you have a coffee stir straw that suddenly expands to the size of an actual drinking straw...that is the dilation involved that puts pressure on those nerves....and since such few of us have it...there is minimal research. pay attention to your habbits, i stopped drinking soda and had not gotten these for 10 years, then i started drinking a 2 liter a day and they started coming back. i then quit soda again and they seem to have stopped again. @carlo gambino i can only speak for me, and it didnt help. i was so hopeful. i often say its like having the worst migraine on top of an ear infection on top of every tooth on that side abcessed on top of sinus infection on top of someone ice picking your eye ball out while having a vice squeeze and your being poked with a fire prod. nothing touches it and ive experienced plenty of pain. i used to think i was high tolerance till developing this. ive been out of my mind with pain punching myself & begging for death. ive thrown up and passed out from the pain at the peak of an attack. usually i end up bent over the couch screaming, rocking and clutching my head. and forget getting any sleep during the cycle. more like a few naps when possible sitting upright. it ruined my life.\nfall to spring without fail. i get several a day lasting around 2 hrs each. especially at night. happens daily for a month exactly then nothing for almost a month and repeat till end of spring. people tell me, \"oh i get migraines too.\" im like no. i wish i was having a migraine. thatd be a walk in the park. i have migraines too and those are like stubbing my toe comparatively. i have to take a moderate recreational dose of mushies every six weeks. it's so inconvenient because you have to be emotionally prepared because those suckers will force you to face whatever demons you're battling. magic mushrooms maybe the cause of the aches around when the seasons change is because of sudden changes in the temperature? i got same issue . shrooms are the cure. @native engine they work on a similar pathway to triptans which are a migraine abortive medication. @mike geiler this. and even during, and/or right after. i.e. it doesn't always work. temporary, not permanent. i know from experience, believe you me. i wonder why? true dat. 0:45 he probably has cte now republicans be like \"lol just take an advil bro\" i've only had one cluster headache experience, but it was a horrible one. it was during summer, so thankfully, i didn't have school. it was mostly on my right side, right above my eye, and it felt like i was being stabbed in the head with a screwdriver every twenty seconds. sometimes it would switch to the left, or it would even occur on both sides at once. this kept on for three days straight until it suddenly went away one morning. i was so relieved, and i haven't had a cluster headache since. i do get headaches every day, but they're the kind of mild headache everyone gets. the only thing that confuses me is the _cause_ of such a bad cluster headache. why would i get something like that for three days, then never again? this sounds like a really gnarly headache, but doesnt really sound like a cluster lol. i get these and before i get them i get these floaters in my eye on the side it's going to happen and and usually after vomiting and an hour nap helps a lot i've had it for about a year and i have had to cope with no pain killers cause i'm only 13 but if anyone needs a way to help relive the pain i am more than happy to spread my knowledge... i just got one today they usually happen on my right side of my head but today it was my left i'm trying to figure out a pattern but i can't...before today i thought it only happened during the summer but now i'm not so sure he siad meegrane lol i had one of these one times. i was screaming for my mom so give me pills so i could overdose. i gave birth in august to my son, and the cluster headache hurt worse than that. @dapper_slapper oh wow thank you for telling me about this (this was over a year ago too) i remember watching this). it's a very strong thing to get through something so full of suffering as that so well done.\ni have a \"tendency\" to do this but there is a really amazing self improvement youtuber i watched called hamza ahmed. but random but yeah, just amazing for any human being to watch and implant any advice and information. @daniel sung yes cluster headaches are described by their name. they come in clusters. for me, when i would begin my cycle, they would start coming every night, about 3 am. this would last about two weeks. by week three they would raise in frequency to about two per day. one at 3am and one at 3 pm. by week four, it was a full day affair. i would get them from 3 am until about 7pm, every hour, lasting between five minutes and 45 min. week five, same. week six, as i finally accept this as my new reality and do not care if i live or die, they begin to taper down. weeks seven and eight i am down to one a day. then they abruptly stop and i am in the clear for about 15-20 months. people who say they have had one of these, and only one, have not had these. please, everyone who keeps saying this shit, stop wishing this onto yourself. you do not want this. it is not only the most painful thing i have ever been through, but it is a life destroyer. @ricko wtf that can't be real, does it happen to you like that?? i had a clusterr headache one it wax horrible but luckily i sleep easily so i just slept it off but it was still difficult i found a muscle/nerve under the shoulder blade of my right shoulder, that i can massage and gives me immediate release sometimes. but i cannot tell if that's just a coincidence or not. @renny liu yes, i believe a weak or under-active trapezius was a cause for my suffering. after 15 years of suffering i cured myself by strengthening my mid-trap on the left side. lots of plus-pushups and external rotations with a resistance band. but i also changed my lifestyle stopped eating processed foods, stopped drinking liquor, and started drinking green smoothies daily. also lots of water! but definitely focus one the traps. hey guys are you still suffering this? i am having the same. i think the trapezium muscle is casing the headaches. did you guys cure this? same here, it's trapezius muscle yup i have cluster headaches mostly onces a month i'm use to it used to hurt a lot but onces you get used to it mostly gonna be fine you get migrenes. the name cluster is the point of it. being unconscious helps a lot. they always wake me up despite my use of heavy sedatives to sleep. listen please im diagnosed with these and have been having bad attacks..anyone with cluster headaches please try this..i cannot believe its working bit so far ive gone 5 days without an attack..im taking a teaspoon of turmeric powder with a shot of water every 4 hours...i went from having 3 attacks a day to only yesterday having a regular head ache..those who suffer these know what i mean when i say my regular head ache was like hav8ng an orgasm as opposed to a cluster..please look it up..turmaric for cluster head aches...good luck and stay strong!!! try chugging a 5 hr energy when you first feel it coming on. it will take 20-30 minutes to push it back but it works for me. mine usually last 3 hrs if i don't do this. i was going through the same for two months until i did research and i went to the chiropractor and with two adjustments i started getting them less often!!!! hey, were you actually diagnosed with cluster headaches? only asking because my brother in law is going through the same thing. he gets it every 2 years and my sister is desperate for help. the medicines are no longer working for him. are the adjustments still working for you? really? i have this theory too. can you perform strenuous tasks pain free now ? please don't let these doctors experiment on you. if you don't have perfect untouched top teeth you can get these headaches. especially if you have any fillings in any of them. ephedrine pills will stop attacks. if i could go back 20 years, i would have someone knock me out and drill a hole in my tooth so infection can drain. pain would start as a dull burning, then feel like an ice pic pushing thru my skull and put me in such a dark mood.. i have these, and a tooth that hurts, but dentists all say there's nothing wrong with the tooth. were you aware of the infection? upper tooth infection!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what? i also have it i'm 14 but not as intense as this.. i suffer from this headaches for the past seven years; it is most sever pain i could ever had. its really bad sleepless nights, day even sometimes prevent me from going to work. i wish there could be a cure for them the only thing i get is pain killers which only keep it away for a couple hours. it makes my life so miserable that i try knocking my self out just get the rid of them. mine is due to congestion of the sinuses; when i go around paint, heavy chemicals , perfumes change of climate at time gives me a trigger and dusts. i mostly use aerius tablet and i have to take antibiotic to help relieved it. pain killers can help at times for me personally i got paracetamol codeine which helps. i will fall asleep and withing a hour or two i wake up with it; it will last for about an hour then goes away comes back. these pain continue like that for up two months or less. the only positive thing about cluster headaches is that, you learn how to appreciate life when you are not in a cycle,every equinox is a living hell for me,living in constant fear,afraid to go out ,afraid to go to sleep,ive had them since the age of 14 ,i am 29 today,and i still cannot believe they have not found a cure for this!!! https://youtu.be/krs-bd3073w theres the cure. good luck. i wonder if moving to different areas of the world or timezones has an effect. @christophe smee i cant take the sun or dry heat i boil alot of water i was born in japan and only started getting these after moving to uk. of course could be coincidence @system2 i hope they are! things like air pressure, temperature, altitude, sun exposure etc ... i would hazzard a guess that some of these may have a bearing on the severity of the condition in certain individuals. the way my episodes would always start in march/april made me suspect some influence from enviromental factors.. @christophe smee i suspect someone is looking into predictors that take into account where people live. i'm from the uk and have suffered clusters since 2015. for the approximate 2 years whilst living/travelling/working in se asia, i never had a single episode. it could be a coincidence.. but... whats wrong with the moron with the oxygen mask at 0:24 ? @konama don't feed the trolls he did because he's a troll patrick bateman intaking pure oxygen can help with cluster headaches use imitrex injected magic mushrooms mate !!!!!!! i think i have cluster headaches but i can't get a diagnosis. i'm not sure what they are but they happen in clusters and only above the eye. azuritepug i think i know what you talking about i get those kinds of headaches too i usually get the headaches after a physical movements like push ups and pull ups if it's happening the same way try breathing more during those kind of actions do you feel like you have an ice pick or drill going through eye that last up to 3 hrs?? if so get to your dr. there is a couple things that can help alleviate the pain but nothing cures them. pain meds do not work. guys i had this but i purchased flonase and it works they sell it in duane reade or rite aid. and i haven't gotten a cluster headache in days. so ......get flonase!!!! now!!!!! ted dy as you gradually keep using it the cluster headache pain get less and less effective over time. like the pain lessens than you can stop using it but it does work i tell you i am also suffering from cluster headache, its usually confused with sinus headache but my syptoms are 100% similar to cluster headache. i was using flonase and you're right it worked for me but not always. william davis i went to the er they told me it's a cluster headache. william davis i went to the er they told me it's a cluster headache. william davis i went to the er they told me it's a cluster headache. i get these, they suck. hope these people get better this is honestly horrible. i have this.. some days are worse then others. i have cluster headaches and they're horrible i've had them since i was 10 years old the pain is unbearable it's like your eye is going out of you're skull @oliver holmlund idk if you know but i do it doesn't feel like your eye being pushed in. it's more painful than childbirth and gunshot wounds i had one last night i'm only 15 and i'll tell you what how they react tells you the pain it's either that or no pain i'm so used to them at this point when i broke my finger it only felt like a small burning and aching sensation. idk what your getting but they ain't clusters @oliver holmlund damn, no one deserves to be used to that kind of pain, any update? i'm a sufferer and once tried to get my eye out with a spoon.... nasty i have a pure black eye atm i had a little face smash off the wall tbh helped the head ache out loads jane.h. damn, that sounds horrible. *n o i d e d* im not bulshitting.\ni suffer from cluster headaches 1 a week usually lasts about a few seconds. it feels like your head is about to explode. person guy i meant minutes scott wright those aren't cluster headaches 0:45 wouldn't knocking yourself out give you a migraine when the cluster headache ends? i get migraines that feel like im being smashed in the head with a wreaking ball i get like that but they look like their dying i just get extremely intense migranes almost on the level of these and cutting off any type of muscle movement in the face and any stimulation helps a lot what the fuck is a me-grain? i have clusters all the time, but i dont act silly loke those people you're a very small child, if you had clusters, you'd be on the floor wailing believe it or not. but if you can hold still, thats definitely no cluster...\nyou would hump and bump, hit your head to lower the pain\nyou, my friend, had never any sign of cluster headaches 6 times a day\n42 a week\n180 a month\n2.190 a year\n8 years now i have been in hell, wanna join ? @frits wester ionic magnesium my goodness, and i thought i was living in hell. your situation is way worse. look into inclined bed therapy . it's astounding!! ancient knowledge.. vivo vixi victum had mine 7 it's an elite group ....shit club tho it's doing me head in i've been getting these lately. they hurt like heck. i suffer from migranes and i have to hold my head in a pillow but i couldnt imagine this pain please i hope they find a cure im from new jersey only 26 years old and i been suffering from cluster headaches for 10 years already...hate it the pain is too extreme i tried figuring out what causes the headaches so i stop drinking coffee for a year thinking it was the caffien and it didnt work then i even pulled a tooth out last year at the same time the pain was hitting me and still nothing its july 31, 2017 today and as we speak im suffering now always last 2 to 3 weeks its been a week i havent slept good been crying wanting to slam my head against something but i never do i hold the pain as much as possible when i cant sleep i hop in the shower and let hot water hit my left side of the head for about 20 minutes ...i hate it so much... it use to come twice a year now it literally comes every year exactly at the end of july to begining of august damn dude i really hope it stop's, i can't imagine what a cluster headache feels like magic mushrooms i don't glorify drug use but lsd and shrooms have apparently shown miraculous results in preventing attacks. hi eude, how have you been feeling? i have not seen you post any updates. please pray to jesus for healing it's unbearable yeah i go through like this often..i can relate to this for me, i can bear it the pain calmly cuz i already used to it idk how but the first time i got it feels like imagine u got hit by a hammer inside of ur head bless the oxygen,at least its smthing xd the u.k. better legalize marijuana out there. mine just started up again this week. they were somewhat mild until last night. first time i've had them in two years. last time they came around 10pm or so. now they are waking me up at 3am. like clockwork. haven't slept right in 2 days and fearing tonight. why the hell haven't doctor's figured out how to do something about this? cheyanne howe\nthey already have. take a look at this study here: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16801660\nnow how do you proceed from there when both drugs are restricted to class a status, i have no idea. politicians, not scientists, decide this. weirdly enough one medication that helped someone i know was heart medication, wish i could find out what it is @david barnard it helped on those shadowy days when my condition was mostly in remission but neither oxygen or verapamil has been much help as im back to experiencing daily now after being free for a couple years.\nthe most effective thing for me is sitting as still as possible in 20 minute increments until it passes.\nth vitamins recommended from the cluster headache forum id say help more as well. @secretspyrecords did it stop them completely? i couldn't try verapamil because the ecg showed my heart rate would be slowed too much from it..i'm seeing my nuro soon so may mention it again. verapamil? mushrooms or lsd :) microdosing lsd works. reason these chemicals work is because triptans are derived from fungus which both lsd and obviously mushrooms are. look up bsd, a non-psychactive derivative of lsd, it was known back in the 60s that 2-bromo-lsd was an abortive for debilitating headaches, including cluster headaches.\nthose that claim these substances are dangerous are uninformed and don't know the hard facts, i would never have touched these drugs if i hadn't have had cluster headaches. i'm thankful that my headaches led to my trying hallucinogens and they totally turned by belief system inside out and interests upside down. my doors of perception were opened as aldous huxley would have put it. @kalonji r. people just don't know the difference. you just kind of have to assume that... scullans are u kidding ? is a headache worth destroying your mind by soaking it with mind altering chemicals...? i would never use hard hallucinogens because of a headache how foolish writing from toronto canada -- my doctor prescribed verapamil 80mg 3x /day during the cluster headache season --- my heart doctor didn't really like the idea but the dosage was low enough that it was deemed ok - in combination with o2 i've got it under control i have one right now epic fails. sorry man but you cannot be having one if you are able to look at the screen and coordinate typing. these things preclude all other activities until they are over and the weeping has stopped me to, 5th day in row, about 5hours of sleep in 5days. epic fails rip homie epic fails the right omg no you dont because you would not write that if you actually had one as a sufferer myself for 23 years now this is ridiculous.mri has been around for so long and cluster headache crisis has been monitored already during attacks.why u serve this as news again when in reality it is just food out of the fridge and get hot again?where is the research with the groundbreaking news?we go through this pain thousand and thousand time during our lifetime and many already worn out.and u come out again with the something is wrong with hippothalamus quote thats been around for two decades?we look forward for research and real news but with all respect this is bs.\n''new'' project?u adress the symptoms with no clue of the underlying condition as if the tremendous pain itself is the disease.\nthanks but no thanks.wont buy whatever u are selling us again this time. finally someone smart ... clusterbusters.com welcome abord my friend do the research about how psychedelics helps with cluster headaches i would get myself euthanized @your royal highness have you ever had any minor injuries? car accident, pulled a muscle in your back? slip and fall? @andrew tucker i agree and the worst thing about it is that there is no cure for some of this illnesses. that's fucked up. lol yea sumatriptan injections! works every time for me.. heavy metal detox trs. only way to fix the damaged hypothalamus causing dilation of blood vessels to push up against the trigeminal nerve causing the pain and why it can last hours of unbearable pain. i only get 4 a month from the va. if i combine with my private insurance, i can get a total of 10 a month. i have episodic and since they come on twice a day, everday, for 3 months at a time, the injections are not enough. i'm pursuing estim and surgical options now. thats the problem you have to take it everyday at every attack its non sense.... that was already been studied. it is not a brain problem. and the hipotalamos its not linked with ch. the problem is arterial and muscle. the problem is superficial. and its not seasonal. the ones who have those gaps between seasons means that they are episodic cluster headaches. with time they will become chronic like me. i don't have any gap period. i have these attacks everyday for the last 8 years. i have more information than these doctors that are now studying something that has already been studied but not recognised by the medical authorities. you might want to look into the operation i am but i'm scared of having a frozen faceand i don't mean botox i want the proper nerve out job my clusters started 10 yrs ago and became chronic 6 years ago. i'm lucky if i get two days a month without one. sometimes it's more than once a day. be grateful you're s are only seasonal. i would give anything to be so lucky. miguel sousinha i'm so sorry \"i have more information than these doctors\"\nexcept your sample size is 1 and i'm pretty sure theirs is at least bigger than that.\nyou can know a lot about your own personal case, but just because yours works like that doesn't mean every other person will be the same. i suffer from chronic cluster headaches since i was 19. if anyone wants to know some methods to prevent, minimize or control the pain please contact me. i found a cure in south africa with dr. elliot shevel at the headache clinic.\nhttps://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100006247246937 is it psychedelics? god bless them. that's horrible. @a king look into \"gnosticism\" particularly the idea of the \"demiurge\" @g0kub that actually made me happy for some reason. knowing that im a god. @horny fruit flies that has to be true. but if you don't believe in god then.. i am a big believer in the effects of cannabis when it comes to chronic pain, but in terms of clusters it's not a true abortive. oxygen & triptan injections work best. my cycles are during winter and when i'm really desperate i'll have a raging fire and stick my head by the fireplace. i know it sounds crazy, but any ch sufferer can relate to the notion that you'll try anything yeah, my worst attacks have made me want to beg someone to knock me unconscious with a club or walk me to the scaffold _anything_ to make it stop instantly weed triggers it there's good evidence that psilocybin helps cluster headaches. cannabis helps me but it's illegal here so only tried it once and it helps a lot autumn means fall. you're welcome americans. sami mas yes, because i'd know you're joking through your vague youtube comment. grounding or to put the head on the bare ground helps release the head aces.. i had or should i say have that kind of headaches. i travel a lot (job). i have stopped smoking, stopped eating pork and generally i eat a lot more vegetables just sometimes fish and chicken. started to be physically more active. reduced the travels. now i have just very rarely some bearable headache. this is my experience with the problem and i hope it can help others. @ryangamingz ionic magnesium. guess i should stop now.. sides im underaged and now this friggin pain in my left eye wont go away! makes me wanna bash my head against a wall yet another reason for me not to start smoking again i been five years without it. sry i don't know exactly what helped me, i guess all the things i mentioned combined. is it the nicotine alone ? probably not but nicotine sure is one of the problem in that amount what smokers get by smoking every day. sometimes the difference between the medicine and the poison is only in the dose although nicotine is not a medicine in any amount afaik. i've read before that smoking can be a factor in this and migraines. do you know if it's the nicotine or something else? that looks super painful headaches are the worst trust me they hurt so much i get them everyday from 9 to 11 o'clock i whre your name really defines you i had a migraine so bad it made me vomit, i get migraines a lot they are not headaches, i actually hate that they're called cluster headaches because it doesn't sound like a big deal, it feels like someone is taking a power drill through your eye wenzy0l it is i deal with them have you tried turning off the wifi in your home it canhave some effect depending on how much emf's you are around. some people are more sensitive to emf's than others. james grey damn people took this seriously. i'd try anything !! it's good to see something about this disease. my dad suffered from clusters for many years, and the pain is indescribable. many sufferers end up committing suicide and all consider it. when researching it, we found that one of the foremost experts is the father of pheobe from 'friends' who recommended that pure oxygen is administered when a cluster is coming (you can tell by the face drooping). this made things more tolerable when it was caught in time. there's a generic component to them too so i'm hoping luck is on my side. @sg:1969 i'm so sorry to hear that. oxygen worked for my dad, but i guess everyone's psychology is different. good luck man. @gary king it doesn't help. trust me. i smoke every day for the last 20 years and when they come, they come and there's no stopping them. in fact i'm getting them right now as it's the season for it, everyday at 3am for the last 10 days or so... gary king i have horrible headaches for almost a year every day. now i'm on therapy and it's helping me and headaches are more tolerable, but i still have them every day. i used oxygen, it helped, i even have one at my house so i don't have to rush to ambulance each time. doctors suspected it was clusters, the symptoms are so similar, but afterwards the neurologist said it wasn't mainly because men have it and some symptoms don't add up. hopefully it's not, but more i found about cluster, more it's similar to my headaches proof? i assume everyone first thinks its a brai tumor when they get this pain for the first time.", "likes": "3089", "channel": {"name": "BBC News", "chanenelID": "UC16niRr50-MSBwiO3YDb3RA", "subscribers": "12800000"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 180.0, "keyword": "Headaches", "rank": 14, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "r40g_9dw46o", "title": "Psychiatry \u2013 Sleep Disorders: By Elliott Lee M.D.", "views": "82135", "date_published": "2016-06-29", "description": "medskl.com is a global, free open access medical education (FOAMEd) project covering the fundamentals of clinical medicine with animations, lectures and concise summaries. medskl.com is working with over 170 award-winning medical school professors to provide content in 200+ clinical presentations for use in the classroom and for physician CME.  Psychiatry \u2013 Sleep Disorders Whiteboard Animation Transcript with Elliott Lee, MD https://medskl.com/Course/Detail/psychiatry  Sleep problems can be divided into complaints that people have:  1. One of the most common complaints is excessive daytime sleepiness. There are generally 5 major causes for excessive daytime sleepiness\u2026  \u2026the most common of which is an insufficient quantity of sleep. Many medical students suffer from this!  Next is a poor quality of sleep. Environmental disturbances (such as light, partner, pet), or other intrinsic sleep disorders such as sleep apnea or periodic limb movement disorder could be involved.   Thirdly, and less common, is a pathologic disorder of sleepiness during the day, including narcolepsy and idiopathic hypersomnia.   Fourthly, a medical or psychiatric disorder, such as a thyroid condition, cancer, medication side effect, or mood disorder can present with sleepiness.  Finally, a circadian rhythm disorder such as shift work, or jet lag could also be a culprit.  2. On the other hand, sometimes patients complain of difficulties initiating or maintaining sleep, or \u201cinsomnia\u201d. This symptom can be a primary disorder on its own, but is usually the result of, or exacerbated by one or a combination of four factors:   An acute stressor. This is a common culprit in many cases of insomnia, but often is comorbid with other factors   Circadian rhythm issue \u2013 including shift work or a circadian rhythm disorder   A medical or neurologic condition \u2013 common culprits include medications or substances such as caffeine, alcohol, a thyroid problem, or other potential medical disorders, and   A psychiatric condition, especially mood or anxiety disorders.  3. Lastly, another presentation could be an unusual behavior at night. This is referred to as a parasomnia, or disorder of arousal. These are often classified according to what stage of sleep they emerge from:  NREM sleep parasomnias typically include sleepwalking, or night terrors,   While the classic REM parasomnia is REM behavior disorder, where patients act out their dreams.", "tags": ["medskl.com", "FOAMEd", "clinical", "animation", "medical", "school", "CME"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "939", "channel": {"name": "Medskl.com", "chanenelID": "UC54htze_JB0zz9H6oAbMOJQ", "subscribers": "77200"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 154.0, "keyword": "Intrinsic Sleep Disorders", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.08535791995526398}
{"id": "FmclK0rrX9k", "title": "Understanding Sleep Disorders | Norton Healthcare", "views": "79", "date_published": "2014-11-24", "description": "Scott McClure, MBA, RRT, Manager, Sleep Disorder Services, Norton Healthcare answers the most frequently asked questions about sleep disorders.  Norton Sleep Center: http://www.nortonhealthcare.com/nortonsleepcenter", "tags": ["Health (Industry)", "Sleep Disorder (Symptom)", "national sleep foundation", "sleep disorder FAQ", "sleep disorder symptoms", "sleep disorder signs", "sleep center", "Norton Sleep Center", "Norton Healthcare (Business Operation)", "Sleep Apnea (Disease Or Medical Condition)", "Insomnia (Symptom)", "Narcolepsy (Disease Or Medical Condition)", "Restless Legs Syndrome (Disease Or Medical Condition)"], "comments": "", "likes": "0", "channel": {"name": "Norton Healthcare", "chanenelID": "UCDDlENhQJEyOQS3ZVH65kzg", "subscribers": "17000"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 253.0, "keyword": "Intrinsic Sleep Disorders", "rank": 22, "consine similarity": 0.12309149097933272}
{"id": "4o2CKqlTMb0", "title": "Irritability explained   Menopause Now", "views": "292", "date_published": "2020-07-08", "description": "Irritability during menopause https://www.menopausenow.com/irritability  What is Irritability? Irritability is a state of being easily irritated or annoyed, often set off my minor triggers. For menopausal women, severe irritability may be a symptom of declining hormone production, especially estrogen.   Up to 50% of somen over 40 transitioning into menopause gets irritability.   Know more in our social media channels and website.", "tags": ["menopause symptoms", "menopause", "irritability", "women", "health for women", "middle age women"], "comments": "", "likes": "6", "channel": {"name": "Menopause Now", "chanenelID": "UCWOIRNbrlXW_6nPD9CHs1UQ", "subscribers": "162"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 103.0, "keyword": "Irritability", "rank": 17, "consine similarity": 0.15617376188860607}
{"id": "p-I8eW6SNpY", "title": "Irritability in Children - Dr. Ellen Leibenluft", "views": "8471", "date_published": "2016-06-23", "description": "Dr. Ellen Leibenluft, NIMH Emotion and Development Branch, discusses research on irritability in children.  For more information, see NIMH Science Update: Game Corrects Children's Misreading of Emotional Faces to Tame Irritability http://www.nimh.nih.gov/news/science-news/2016/game-corrects-childrens-misreading-of-emotional-faces-to-tame-irritability.shtml  NIMH research studies focusing on severe irritability are enrolling participants ages 6-16. For more information, visit the website  http://www.nimh.nih.gov/labs-at-nimh/join-a-study/children/children-irritability.shtml, call 301-496-8381 or email irritablekids@mail.nih.gov  Mechanism-Based Treatments for Irritability in Youth Melissa Brotman, Ph.D., NIMH NIH Videocast  https://videocast.nih.gov/launch.asp?23645 Drag slider to 28:48", "tags": ["Childhood Irritability", "DMDD"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "46", "channel": {"name": "National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH)", "chanenelID": "UCkv4SxLREmIKoUYzabJX4dQ", "subscribers": "27500"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 159.0, "keyword": "Irritability", "rank": 5, "consine similarity": 0.12803687993289598}
{"id": "WTtBur3wMJA", "title": "EPAP helps stop snoring", "views": "23572", "date_published": "2018-07-18", "description": "For the estimated 50 million people who don\u2019t have sleep apnea, there\u2019s EPAP, a new way to stop the snore.", "tags": ["epap", "snoring strips"], "comments": "where can i get this i always have sinus so i always breathe through my mouth. excellent video content! apologies for the intrusion, i am interested in your opinion. have you ever tried - taparton splendid physics takeover (do a search on google)? it is a good one of a kind guide for learning how to stop snoring without the hard work. ive heard some incredible things about it and my gf at last got great results with it. excellent video clip! sorry for chiming in, i would appreciate your thoughts. have you considered - taparton splendid physics takeover (do a search on google)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for learning how to stop snoring minus the normal expense. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my mate finally got amazing success with it. i recently discovered this anti snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it) and am doing the exercises fairly regularly. my boyfriend seems to discover great improvement, so i'm truly satisfied with it. i really have a great sleep daily now. the neck and jaw exercises have been advantageous as well in reducing stress. . in just 3 minutes this anti snoring treatment \"pzt mawa\" (google it) will change your life. it really is incredible, as i have been a loud snorer as long as i can recall. there are several exercises that you can and each physical exercise can truly decrease the snore sound until you will notice that you no longer snore. . i'd been threatening my loud snoring partner of twenty three years with laser surgery,something neither of us wanted to risk when a buddy told us about this snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it). needless to say i hurried online and acquired a copy. the program does work!! it is safe easy to exercise and proved very effective. . my snoring has been getting worse over the years. i have utilized this snoring remedy \"pzt mawa\" (google it) over the past couple of months. my wife willget a great sleep again because i no longer awaken her with a loud snore. not just my wife that observed it but also my son. i'm loving the exercise daily and still carry on doing it right now. . want to inform youthis stop snoring treatment \"pzt mawa\" (google it) has did wonders for me, utilizing the 3 minute version. it is really incredible, as i have been a heavy snorer as long as i can recall. there are a lot of routines that you can and each physical exercise can really reduce the snore sound until you will discover that you no longer snore. . for many years i have an issue with snoring and it made my sleeping program terrible. but now that i am using this stop snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it), my sleeping routine became so calming as ever. i enjoy the extra tips to stay inspired and practice every single day. i am really inspired to do the exercises everyday and encourage as well others. my snoring has vanished already. . my wife have been sleeping in another room for at least 2 years now because of my snoring. after using this snoring remedy \"pzt mawa\" (google it) my spouse is now sleeping beside me since i no longer snore like before. it's really incredible! aside from curing the snoring issue the treatment will give you good advantages that will result in a better life. . my snoring has been getting worse over the years. i have utilized this snoring treatment \"pzt mawa\" (google it) over the last few months. i gone to bed and i went to rest - no waking up with a jolt as i dozed off. my son tells me that he cannot hear me snoring anymore. i'm loving the exercise everyday and still carry on doing it right now. . this snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it)works just like a success! i was astonished how after just two days of the program (doing just 4 exercises) snoring has ceased. because i do not snore any longer i forget to do it every single day. sometimes i forgot to perform the workout that is why now i am searching for any ways not to miss any of it. .", "likes": "122", "channel": {"name": "KSAT 12", "chanenelID": "UCETE4rKzRRjqM0JaB7TlPpQ", "subscribers": "203000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 96.0, "keyword": "Loud snoring", "rank": 18, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "p94sRNVKdZU", "title": "How to Know if Snoring is a Sign of a Bigger Problem", "views": "43264", "date_published": "2016-11-08", "description": "We all know someone who snores right? If you don't know someone, then it might be you! We all joke about snorers and how they affect our eight hours, but how do we know if it's a sign of a bigger problem? We talked with some students in Carrington\u2019s Respiratory Care program to find out more.  Important information about the educational debt, earnings and completion rate of students who attended this program can be found at carrington.edu/GE.", "tags": ["snoring", "snore", "sleep", "health", "sleep apnea", "obstructive", "breathing", "how to", "stop snoring", "is snoring bad", "respiratory care", "carrington", "college", "university", "las vegas", "pleasant hill", "phoenix", "arizona", "california", "nevada"], "comments": "is there any treatment for snoring or excersise to do try planet ayurveda's herbal treatment for good sleep away from snoring 90 million americans because there's 70 million obese i love your body why is everyone in this video overweight? mewing will help wow. thank you for explaining the cause of snoring in less than 3 secs. that was beautiful and straight to the point. i know i hate when she does when i'm sleeping next to her my moms snoring is so loud smoking can cause snoring. interesting points ,if anyone else wants to uncover can you wear nasal strips during the day? try mackorny blow apnea blueprint (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now )? it is a great one off product for getting rid of sleep apnea minus the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my buddy after a lifetime of fighting got great success with it. um i snored since i was younger can't be from over weight same my mom says, i hate it though try this snoring treatment \"pzt mawa\" (google it) and you'll observe the excellent effects it will provide you. my snoring problems has ceased abruptly after doing .\nthe four exercises advised by it. because i do not snore anymore i forget to do it every single day. sometimes i forgot to do the physical exercise that's why now i'm searching for any methods not to skip any of it. . i lately discovered this anti snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it) and am doing the exercises fairly consistently. i'm really happy that my partner seems to like the great results of using the therapy. i truly have a great sleep everyday now. the neck and jaw exercises have been of great benefit too in reducing anxiety. . my wife have been resting in another room for around 2 years now because of my snoring. because i used this stop snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it) to prevent loud snoring, i tend to sleep far better. it's truly incredible! just like what it said, there's another benefit not just to cease snoring but it could also lead to other good stuff that you never expected. . positive thing i discovered this snoring method \"pzt mawa\" (google it). i am truly pleased that my partner seems to like the great results of using the treatment. i really have agood sleep everyday right now. my stress will simply fade whenever i do the neck and jaw routines, it keeps me calm. . having suffered from snoring and light sleep apnea that have been getting more serious for longer than my wife cares about, i chose to try out this snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it). my spouse told me a good news after many weeks of using it, i never snored or had any issues with breathing while sleeping. . in just three minutes this stop snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it) will change your life. it really is amazing, as i have been a loud snorer as long as i can recall. there are a lot of exercises that you can and each physical exercise can really reduce the snore sound until you will notice that you no longer snore. . my snoring has been getting even worse through the years. i have utilized this snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it) over the last few months. my wife willhave a good sleep once again because i no longer wake her up with a noisy snore. not just my spouse that observed it but alsomy boy. i've started the exercises and am enjoying them. . i have had a dreadful snoring difficulty for many years. it has only been a week, but i can tell a positive .\nchange already after using this anti snoring solution \"pzt mawa\" (google it). i truly like the tips and advises which can help me to perform properly the exercises daily. i feel quite enthusiastic about carrying on the exercises. and now i'm free from snoring concern. . try this snoring remedy \"pzt mawa\" (google it) and you'll see the excellent effects it will offer you. i was astonished how after just two days of the course (doing just four exercises) loud snoring has ended. until i came to recall when i last snored. sometimes i forgot to do the exercise that's why now i am looking for any methods not to skip any of it. . this snoring treatment \"pzt mawa\" (google it)works like a success! my snoring concerns has ended suddenly after doing .\nthe four workouts recommended by it. because i don't snore anymore i forget to apply it every single day. i'm looking for a means i can remind myself to do the workouts every day. . i'd been threatening my snoring husband of twenty three years with laser surgical treatment,something neither of us wished to risk when a buddy informed us about this snoring remedy \"pzt mawa\" (google it). no need for me to be hassled on going to have a duplicate of it. the program works!! and i noticed a lot of great reviews because it is quite simple and straightforward to do. .", "likes": "276", "channel": {"name": "Carrington College", "chanenelID": "UCMImAe_anyCORgqEV32Tp4g", "subscribers": "68500"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 169.0, "keyword": "Loud snoring", "rank": 7, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "-XrnCxJf1d8", "title": "Dr. Caskey discusses myotonic muscular dystrophy", "views": "648", "date_published": "2022-01-14", "description": "Dr. C. Thomas Caskey, professor in the Department of Molecular and Human Genetics at Baylor College of Medicine, died on Thursday, Jan. 13, 2022. This video recorded in 1992 is a look back on a report he took part in describing how the discovery of the gene responsible for myotonic muscular dystrophy would help in diagnosis and development for potential treatments. See more: https://www.bcm.edu/news/genetics-pioneer-dr-c-thomas-caskey-dies", "tags": ["BCM", "Baylor College of Medicine", "Houston", "TX", "USA", "Texas Medical Center"], "comments": "", "likes": "7", "channel": {"name": "Baylor College of Medicine", "chanenelID": "UCLMEy29-dHF9dVCZ_ekOR1A", "subscribers": "15300"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 113.0, "keyword": "MYOTONIC DYSTROPHY", "rank": 12, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "f5wLuMZnpf8", "title": "Fighting myotonic dystrophy", "views": "9136", "date_published": "2009-11-06", "description": "Collaborative research by the University of Oregon and University of Rochester has found a compound that could be modified to reverse gene splicing errors in RNA that lead to type 1 myotonic dystrophy. UO chemist Andy Berglund provides a brief overview.", "tags": ["Medicine", "myotonic dystrophy", "muscular dystrophy", "RNA"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "NA", "channel": {"name": "University of Oregon", "chanenelID": "UCrRdNuHLBSGjZEoby4d5gmw", "subscribers": "28500"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 71.0, "keyword": "MYOTONIC DYSTROPHY", "rank": 17, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "QWImy9PI9ls", "title": "Myxedema: Definition, Symptoms, Diagnosis, Treatment", "views": "2805", "date_published": "2021-07-27", "description": "HOPE YOU LIKE THIS VIDEO\ud83e\udd0d\ud83d\ude07 #pathology #myxedema #anatomy #thyroid_gland #endocrine_gland_disorders  #thyroid_gland_disorder #hyperthyroidsm #hypothyrodism", "tags": ["physician", "pathology", "physiology", "Healthcare", "autoimmune", "ANATOMY", "THYROID GLAND", "THYROID GLAND DISORDER", "ENDOCRINE GLANDS", "ENDOCRINE GLAND DISORDER", "thyroid gland", "thyroid gland disorder", "endocrine glands disorder", "dieases", "Pathology", "anatomy", "physiotherapist", "medicine", "myxedema"], "comments": "hello guys have you tried natural herbs.? it works, i tried it and got cured from herpes and diabetes with the help of herbal doctor ani john channel recommendations on youtube.. once again i was able to cure my shingles virus completely after months of battling with this virus with the help of doctor ani john herbal supplements am grateful to god for showing me this herbal doctor he is very kind to all patients god bless you doc", "likes": "49", "channel": {"name": "medicine for you", "chanenelID": "UCfS_a-ZNmDXTGL4U8HnMVrA", "subscribers": "241"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 202.0, "keyword": "MYXEDEMA", "rank": 7, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "B_4GRUZtWs4", "title": "Myxedema (caused by Hypothyroidism, Graves disease (pretibial)", "views": "4480", "date_published": "2013-05-30", "description": "http://usmlefasttrack.com/?p=1345  Myxedema, caused, by, Hypothyroidism, Graves, disease, pretibial, , symptoms, findings, causes, mnemonics, review, what is, video, study, Rapid Review, Clinical presenation, First Aid, for, USMLE, Step 1, images, wiki, define, wikipedia, 2013, videos, exam, prep, easy, What is usmle, mnemonic,", "tags": "NA", "comments": "fuck you", "likes": "17", "channel": {"name": "USMLEFastTrack", "chanenelID": "UC7FhJrSDXZjgDD0MJ6A3znA", "subscribers": "67300"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 72.0, "keyword": "MYXEDEMA", "rank": 21, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "LtPay8cowaY", "title": "What Can Trigger a Migraine? | This Morning", "views": "4849", "date_published": "2018-09-12", "description": "Professor Peter Goadsby explains.", "tags": ["This Morning", "Holly Willoughby", "Phillip Schofield", "Breakfast Television", "ITV", "chat show", "talk show"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "61", "channel": {"name": "This Morning", "chanenelID": "UChFsYLqPUyLiZnfRog6wiZA", "subscribers": "2230000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 137.0, "keyword": "Morning headache", "rank": 4, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "oz5no5YlKsQ", "title": "Wake up headaches", "views": "3725", "date_published": "2018-02-28", "description": "", "tags": "NA", "comments": "beth galvin can get it fiest", "likes": "40", "channel": {"name": "FOX 5 Atlanta", "chanenelID": "UCjHWv2DU5-HLpogAAr386DQ", "subscribers": "317000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 149.0, "keyword": "Morning headache", "rank": 11, "consine similarity": "NA"}
{"id": "1tOqXPl1yDk", "title": "Improvements in Quality of Life for Patients with Neuromuscular Diseases", "views": "159", "date_published": "2019-10-23", "description": "Early therapeutic intervention in treatable neuromuscular disorders, specifically Spinal Muscular Atrophy, preserves muscle function, improves quality of life, and increases survival rates. Participants will attain an enhanced understanding of early clinical presentation and current management guidelines to reduce diagnostic delay.", "tags": "NA", "comments": "NA", "likes": "NA", "channel": {"name": "The France Foundation", "chanenelID": "UCoBzhoD9FjSyGIuMWSNgSYw", "subscribers": "2840"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 139.0, "keyword": "NEUROMUSCULAR DISEASES", "rank": 22, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "Tga_wpOqYT8", "title": "What is a neuromuscular disorder?", "views": "9472", "date_published": "2015-12-04", "description": "For more about brain and spine care at Ohio State, visit http://wexnermedical.osu.edu/patient-care/healthcare-services/brain-spine-neuro.   Ohio State neurologist, Dr. Chad Hoyle, explains neuromuscular disorders, the associated symptoms and which neuromuscular disorders are commonly known among patients.", "tags": ["Neurology", "neuromuscular disorders", "muscular dystrophies", "peripheral nervous system", "ALS", "Ohio State", "OSU"], "comments": ":( why the bady no need to strong hi", "likes": "66", "channel": {"name": "Ohio State Wexner Medical Center", "chanenelID": "UC2uboRZzLsBHi9A_RqKxSOg", "subscribers": "58000"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 71.0, "keyword": "NEUROMUSCULAR DISEASES", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "h2ku2Ws_Zzo", "title": "Childhood Obesity", "views": "51656", "date_published": "2014-08-04", "description": "Jim Morelli reports on how to find the motivation that will help children get healthy.", "tags": ["CNN", "News", "CNN TV", "CNN Newsroom"], "comments": "my big self is 250 :sobs: what a good guy i hope he's doing well may god bless dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetics disease with his natural herbs medication which i got from him after seeing a lot of reviews from people who used his medications and got cured. let me take this moment to thank and recommend dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i ordered from him i was able to lower my high blood pressure and obesity with the natural herbs medication i ordered from dr igudia on youtube. his natural herbs medication helps in lowering high blood pressure and weight loss. who says genital herpes has no cure and permanent treatment? let me introduce you all to dr igudia on youtube who cured my partner and i friend genital herpes infection with his natural herbal medication. since i started taking the natural herbs medication i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel my type 2 diabetes disease started getting better and now it is gone forever and i'm now living a more comfortable life again. thanks dr igudia.\nyou can also contact him on his youtube channel for other illnesses such as a cure for obesity, herpes, hpv. **after covid i noticed that my tommy was feeling full and bigger,,,,, and i find it so embarrassing as a lady..... was even considering going to the gym until i came across dr eromon youtube channel. after two weeks of using his herbal supplement, i could notice visible changes... ... inshort my tummy now look sexy and slim. ....... my favorite part...he asked his mom during dinner how her day went. what a great young man. im the only one watching this in 2022 obesity is a very common issue. my mother is also suffering from that but 1 month ago we came\nto know about planet ayurveda then started taking treatment under dr. chauhan now her weight is\nreduced 2 kg. we are getting very good results. thank you planet ayurveda. the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease inspirational story. i always worry about my kids to get really obese especially because they are boys. i once had a bmi of 61.3, over twice the obese bmi. great fake news good for you man i've been trying for years and i can't lose any weight it's hard because a lot of skinny people make fun of me being fat so at this point i feel like giving up the dog is eating what they aren't. that's why being an athlete in training is great, i was burning 700 calories a day cycling and strength training, and got too skinny,. i can afford to eat more to keep myself fueled for the next ride so proud and happy for him i'm so glad that he got healthier :-) good jobs sir. thumbs up to you good sir. you got to work harder you piece of trash when you use siri and dictation, the things you say and dictate will be recorded and sent to apple to process your requests. your device will also send apple other information, such as your name and nickname; the names, nicknames and relationship with you (e.g. \"my dad\") of your contacts, song names in your collection, homekit-enabled devices in your home (e.g. \"living room lights\"), the names of your photo albums, and the names of apps installed on your device (collectively, your \"user data\"). all this data is used to help siri and dictation on your ios device and any paired apple watch understand you better and recognise what you say. it is not linked to other data that apple may have from your use of other apple services.\nif you have location services turned on, the location of your device at the time you make a request will also be sent to apple to help siri and dictation improve the accuracy of its response to your requests. you may choose to turn off location services for siri. to do so, open settings on your ios device, tap privacy, tap location services, tap siri & dictation and select never.\nif you choose to allow third-party apps to integrate with siri, some data from these apps may be sent to apple to help siri understand your request, and portions of your request will be shared with the app to help provide a response or take an action (e.g. make a reservation at a restaurant or book a ride). if you choose to allow apps to use siri for transcription, the voice data to be transcribed may be sent to apple. you may control which apps can integrate with siri at any time under siri settings.\nyou may choose to turn off siri or dictation at any time. to turn off siri, open settings on your ios device, tap siri, and slide the siri switch to off. to turn off dictation, open settings, tap general, tap keyboard, and slide the enable dictation switch to off. if you turn off both siri and dictation, apple will delete your user data, as well as your recent voice input data. older voice input data that has been disassociated from you may be retained for a period of time to generally improve siri, dictation and dictation functionality in other apple products and services. this voice input data may include audio files and transcripts of what you said, related diagnostic data such as hardware and operating system specifications and performance statistics, and the approximate location of your device at the time the request was made.\nyou can also restrict the ability to use siri & dictation altogether under the restrictions setting.\nby using siri or dictation, you agree and consent to apple's and its subsidiaries' and agents' transmission, collection, maintenance, processing and use of this information, including your voice input, user data, and other data that may be sent to apple by apps that integrate with siri, to provide and improve siri, dictation and dictation functionality in other apple products and services.\nat all times, information collected by apple will be treated in accordance with apple's privacy policy, which can be found at www.apple.com interesting..nowadays it has become a big problem in the society and should be addressed methodically. this is a research done on metformin treatment and childhood obesity.http://repository.kln.ac.lk/handle/123456789/17417 \"do something today. 'cause when you do today action starts, and when actions start you see change. when you see change happen, you're going to want to continue\".\nyes!! only here bc i'm doing a project on child obesity omg haha same and you felt like you had to share that with the world? lol. me too thank you way to go luke! burn the twinkies. they are the gate way drug to becoming fat .problem solved body by xbox 360 and taco bell i remember in 2009 when first lady obama initiated the let's move campaign and people were outraged and claimed it was \"socialist.\" with that type of idiocy running rampant in america it's no surprise that obesity is such a problem here. oh well, that's what folks want. never knew a healthy weight was socialist. @tom smith you wanna see who supports \"fat acceptance.\" cabalofdemons and people like meme roth get a lot of hate as well. no way! really? congratz to him. i applaud the fact that he acknowledged this can be a health issue and decided to do something about it. so proud of him.\nhe should have never been bullied for it.he seems like such a nice guy. @nicolas reyes no\njust makes it worse or, the bullying was part of the motivation that caused change. i'm not saying it was, i'm not defending bullying, i'm just floating the idea lance smith not just gay,\nvery gay. good for him. i bet he feels a lot better. i'm a lineman and nose guard so you can't say nothing about me b***** im happy for him and all....but onto a more pressing matter!! who the fuck would divorce her! she is fine as hell, good gawd! and im gay smh, some women especially white women reach a certain age and they start looking like melted candle wax, good for her! the reason obesity rates for all ages have gone up is because of our society's increasing acceptance of being fat. thebookworm1718 nah because 1/3 children are now overweight it's normal and it's more normal to see overweight adults then see skinny ones this was actually a heart warming story, he actually got off his ass and did it at a step at a time dropping weight is mostly about what you eat, rather than the quantity. lay off the bread (gluten), the wheat, the sugar, the dairy, and you'll be good. it's about calories, nothing less nothing more. christiannwo gluten isn't bad for you... the bread is bad because it contains yeast and alot of carbs. not really, if all you eat is junk food but you don't eat too much you won't become fat. there's nobody to blame but these lazy parents, this is another form of child abuse, enforced the laws and you we willstart seeing more \"skinny \", children, lol @defina j technically, there could be. fast food is cheap, and it fills you. and most parents might not have enough time to make stuff. if more women stopped working full time and men stopped being dead beat shit heads and actually worked hard, then women could start cooking meals from scratch every night. when i was a kid my mom used to buy a lot of chips, cookies and frozen pizzas because she never had time to make them and i was very overweight. i have never had a problem finding healthy foods, from super markets, to health food stores there areeverywhere, in every city and states there's, no excuse for being 'fat' not always. sometimes it's difficult to find good variety of healthy food in the us. i remember visiting orlando. it was horrible. i never found anything healthy there. first! and i sware they said liu kang xd american education needs to step its game up... the american government is stalining its people it seems... horrible education, bad food regulations, fluoridated, chlorated water, permanent surveillance, constitutional law breaking, the worst healthcare in the world... if america continues like this, soon youre gonna have a people consisting of fad dumb couch potatoes that cant defend themselves or fend for themselves and have a life exspectancy of 25 because their common cold would cost them 25000$ at the local hobo vet. um, maybe make stricter food regulation laws? @lena elan if you are still alive in 2021 then i totally agree its even worse rn i meant make some of the horrible chemicals in food illegal.", "likes": "316", "channel": {"name": "CNN", "chanenelID": "UCupvZG-5ko_eiXAupbDfxWw", "subscribers": "14100000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 209.0, "keyword": "OBESITY", "rank": 15, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "VYjgD3VgXgg", "title": "The genetic basis of obesity", "views": "15152", "date_published": "2020-11-30", "description": "Obesity. It's a global epidemic that now kills more people than malnutrition. Physiologists work to unravel the causes of obesity and the genetic factors involved. Subscribe to our channel and follow us on Instagram (https://instagram.com/thephysoc), Twitter (https://twitter.com/ThePhySoc ) & Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/physoc), to keep up with the science of life.  Produced by Orinoco Communications for The Physiological Society Animation: Hayley Evenett Illustration: Alex Scarfe  Sound Design/Music: Alexander Bradley Narration: Elisa Canas Director: Peter Barker  Scientific advisor: Jeffrey M Friedman Producer at The Physiological Society: Rachel Wheeley  Transcript:  Sometimes it seems like everywhere we look we\u2019re exposed to adverts about dieting, urging us to lose weight.  Globally, the diet industry rakes in over \u00a3150 billion a year, and that figure is rising fast.  But, at the same time, worldwide obesity levels are also growing, and that matters, because obesity now kills more people than malnutrition.  So, what\u2019s going on? Why are self-control and dieting alone unable to stop the growing obesity epidemic?  Research by physiologists suggests there are important biological factors at play. Namely, that some of us are simply more genetically predisposed to become obese than others.  The root causes of obesity can be summed up like this: food intake, minus energy burned, equals fat stored.  So, obesity occurs when we consume more than we burn, and fat mass builds up.  But what happens when genetics are thrown into the mix?  Our understanding of this field has been advanced by scientific experiments involving a species of obese mouse.   These mice are always hungry and won\u2019t stop eating. They never feel full.  The mice weigh three times more than normal mice because of a defect in a single gene.  Scientists identified that gene as one that codes for a hormone called leptin.  Leptin is made by fat cells and signals to the brain how much fat mass is in the body.  Without it, the brain mistakenly believes the body is starving, so the mice keep eating, even though they\u2019ve had enough food.  Scientists translated this finding to humans when a four-year-old boy with the same genetic mutation became severely obese.  With regular leptin injections, his over-eating stopped and, by the age of eight, he was no longer overweight.  Studies of twins have helped us to identify the genetic basis of obesity.  Identical twins who come from the same egg and the same DNA have very similar body sizes.  But twins that come from different eggs show much more variability.  These studies show that while single genes are occasionally responsible most obesity cases are caused by a combination of genes working together.  Understanding the causes of obesity is far from simple but genetic factors such as leptin play an important role to regulate food intake and body weight.  So self-control alone is rarely enough to overcome the powerful effect of genes.   That\u2019s why physiologists are working hard to assess how a healthy diet and exercise, combined with a better understanding of how genes influence obesity, can help turn the tide on this global epidemic.", "tags": "NA", "comments": "obesity is a lifestyle disorder which is affecting most of the population. so you should start taking thinner - u pack offered by planet ayurveda. it is very good and effective. fake news back then in the 70s and 80s obesity wasn't as common as nowadays. may god bless dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication which i got from him after seeing a lot of reviews from people who used his medications and got cured. i battled with so much excess abdominal fat since the pandemic, until i met #dreromon on youtube, his herbal supplement is something else. ... without even going to the gym, my tummy now looks better with almost no fat at all, and this just the first month of using his herbs, guess how my tummy is gonna look flat by the second month. i'm so happy... .... this is fake news - carbs and carbs alone cause obesity not genetics. the feebleminded of the 21st century are the obese, eugenics 2.0\nwhy do these researchers not talk about obesity in societies that have pretty much have had the same diet for 1000s of years e.g amazonian nations, khoisan, himba nation, or rural africa in general,,,,\nif there's an obesity gene, guess there's malnutrition gene too\neugenics never died, it changed its name to genetics but obesity is a relatively new phenomena. have our genes changed so fast? no the environment has changed so rapidly, meaning the genes that cause obesity are able to express more i'm not obese but i sure get quite quite chubby and fat if i don't stop gulging over protein throughout the day! :''d i even stopped having carbs and only have leafy greens! yet if somehow i don't eat protein my muscles again gets fat , chubbier! it's alright if i could take just a little protein but i need to take like a lot ! i don't even feel hungry anymore eating those! even if i full my tummy with fiber i get kind of fat! but too much protein gives me kind of lethargy and fulls up my tummy a lot sooner ! yet it gives me the best appearance! lean body mass and make me slim! whereous i have a friend who never been doing these things eating carbs, junks yet quite skinny and beautiful! also her mom is skinny while my mum is rly rly chubby and short close to obese! @corporate coffee futures right as i stated in an earlier post, everyone is not the same @kane6676 your experiences does not apply to all fat people. just because your cousins could down cereal boxes that doesn't mean that all fat people do so. i mean that is just logic. @corporate coffee futures you are right it is. i grew up with cousins who could eat ten boxes of twinkies followed by a six pack of coke daily an so never gain weight this is confusing. i have come across people who eat more than an over weight person and does no exercises yet still stay thin. i feel some kind of metabolic gene or a fat burning gene in them keeps burning all the fat 24/7 no matter how much they eat. theyre naturals, their mitochondrial function is high, so their bodies use the nutrients better, so they dont get fat. @narutosimp yeah, people who are more active and muscular like me. if i stopped, i'd gain weight if i didn't adjust my diet. @r d i does though\nsome people can eat more than fat people and gain nothing fat person is hiding their calorie intake. our metabolism doesn't vary that much. more physical activity is needed sports make them do it! *with the help of dr okosodo on youtube you can cure any kind of virus, pcos, hiv, cancer, fibroid herpes, hpv, pcod std, i was diagnosed with herpes infection after using dr okosodo medicine on youtube i was cured* https://youtube.com/channel/uc7qx8cmxo_vf2rwctrt_cfw meeting dr igudia youtube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease. the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease is it? nobody was far 100 years ago. it's not genetic. @fatoumatta touray yeah but not 40% of them. my whole family from my mothers side has been fat and nothing used to work on my health until i got to know about ayurvedic medicine which i took from planet ayurveda and that had led me to a perfectly healthy life obesity is directly related to food.\nthe evidence is that we determine our metabolic rates through activity in our development years.\nall people when starved lose mass and eventually die.\nlet's not complicate basic science and observation here.\ni am not doubting that genetics may make losing weight more difficult - in which case it is the responsibility of the individual to manage diet accordingly, just as a top athlete would intake less calories in retirement... i'm not obese but i sure get quite quite chubby and fat if i don't stop gulging over protein throughout the day! :''d i even stopped having carbs and only have leafy greens! yet if somehow i don't eat protein my muscles again gets fat , chubbier! it's alright if i could take just a little protein but i need to take like a lot ! i don't even feel hungry anymore eating those! even if i full my tummy with fiber i get kind of fat! but too much protein gives me kind of lethargy and fulls up my tummy a lot sooner ! yet it gives me the best appearance! lean body mass and make me slim! whereous i have a friend who never been doing these things eating carbs, junks yet quite skinny and beautiful! also her mom is skinny while my mum is rly rly chubby and short close to obese! @football family nope, it's well known. @r d not necessarily! @football family if you eat a high protein breakfast, you boost your metabolism. eat properly. when around my father i just want to give up at life and just die, he has never worked a day in his life, he a crack head/drug head, he very unhealthy, he never supported me, he blames his problems on everyone else, he has full common sense but refuses to use the brain god gave him, he calls everyone the devil who's doing better then him, he says in order to be successful you have to give your soul to satan, hes a leach, he's 50 and still lives with his mother but his father was a very successful man (he was a boss and owned business) my father has more then a hundred lazy bones in his body, i'm 20 nd black of color what i inherited from him walking into man hood was bad hygiene, bad health, i never peaked, missing teeth, doubt that i will be somebody and confusion on how to be a man / my mom is a hardworking mother and father and what i inherited from my mom was to never give up no matter how bad my situation is and a hardworking work ethic on the job and positive mindset off the job because of this, i was body shamed in my school times and i feel very bad about this. so i went to planet ayurveda where they prescribed me trim support and it helped me to lose my fat. i'm pretty sure i have obesity issues. i gain weight rapidly if i'm not working out or on a proper diet. also i have issues where i'm always hungry if i'm not eating the right food.\ni cut out carbs and sugars 2 years ago, and now all i eat is meat. the fat practically melted away within months and i wasn't even that active. now i have an average bmi and i'm healthier than most people. also didn't have any hunger issues either. i think those carbs and sugars have some real physiological effect that just keeps you hungry and fat. @leo alpha productions meh, forget about it then. at least we agree bread is useless. @leo alpha productions \" sources matter.\" is scientific american not good enough? i'm not trying to do deep scientific research on what our ancestors ate. @leo alpha productions \"i'm always hungry when i'm on a \"balanced diet\".\" it wasn't balanced. maybe more fat, protein, and fiber were needed. @leo alpha productions \"my body does terrible on plants\" maybe you have allergies to certain plants. get an allergy test. excuses!! you know nothing they know 'research' excellent video hi. i liked the work a lot. i have been trying to look for vid like yours that breaks down the ideas in this youtube video! your content is like the videos from this educational dr. ethan. ethan's explanations are useful and he helped me a lot on midterms!\ni recommend you watch his yt out and give the med student a subscribe! #doctorethanwellness i loved this. i have been trying to find for an insightful vid like yours that teaches everything in this youtube vid. the part at 1:18 is my favorite. your lesson for sure is similar to the vids of dr. ethan. dr's demonstrations are actually knowledgable and i actually learned a lot for my studies.\nyou should watch his page out and give the doctor a subscribe over here! #drethanonyoutube what prevalence does this mutation have? not sure if the focus on leptin is appropriate as, even with the \"rarely due to a single gene\" disclaimer, it can perpetuate the myth that something has to be mendelian to be 'genetic'", "likes": "267", "channel": {"name": "The Physiological Society", "chanenelID": "UCkmpg95a3IgI8N80E2mSAWw", "subscribers": "20500"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 159.0, "keyword": "OBESITY", "rank": 12, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "OtYgVJ-9JOs", "title": "ZDECH\u0141Y OSA - SUMMER SONG (PROD. AETHERBOY1)", "views": "250626", "date_published": "2022-07-15", "description": "OSA NA GITARCE DIGITAL: https://wmg.lnk.to/SummerSong  Video/edit: Enzym x Smoger Color Grading: Sebastian Godziszewski Dron FPV: Daniel Jakubczyk Kamper: @jakubkameruj", "tags": ["ZDECH\u0141Y OSA", "ZDECH\u0141Y", "OSA", "M\u0141ODY", "JEZUS", "SUMMER", "SONG", "SUMMER SONG", "TELEDYSK", "KLIP", "VIDEO", "PUNK", "RAP", "ROCK", "WARNER MUSIC POLAND", "PATOLOVE", "SPRZEDA\u0141EM DUPE", "AETHERBOY1", "ETER", "ENZYM"], "comments": "digital: https://wmg.lnk.to/summersong i'm not dead wow j chuj nie jestem sam pomimo to ze moivh przyjacol pozabijali nie zmieniaj sie mordeczko jestes wyjatkowy :d mam 34 lata i naprawde chopie rozpierdalasz system. czekam na wiecej numerow. sprawdzmy w ktorym miejscu jest najwiecej ponownych odtworzen hmmm no tak spermiarski kraj nie zawiod wannabe pancury...qwa discopolo piekne))) kurwa.... ten kawaek ma tylko 250k(04.08.2022) wyswietlen? przeciez to jest sztos. katuje od dnia premiery szanuje za klip kto od typa ktory robi pompki i czeka na natana marconia na tt? :d kiedy w koncu wyjda przyjaciele <3 brakuje mi czegos podobnego do patolove bardzo wakacyjny kawaek gdzie kupic takie maski na twarz zdechlegonosy? magnificent track brzmi, jakby polecia tekstowo freestyle, a jednoczesnie mega rozkmini kazdy wers. piekne! no kuur.. nareszcie moj klimat... adna muzyczka zdechy summer vibe na poziomie pierdole osa jaki ty jestes potezny w te muzyke kox alez z was lumpy hefalumpy . patorege wyszo. nie moj styl ale daje apke w gore bo jak na rege to niezle. fajny pomys na wozek za 1 z cos pieknego! podoba mi sie ze ktos kiedys w paincie strzelil logo thirdeye i tak sie zostalo osa sabo tym razem :( tak mi sie spodobalo ,ze poszedlem w impreze. pierdolony majstersztyk wakacyjny osa pozytywka naprawde, bede na koncercie w odzi akurat ma widzewie bedzie, zagrajcie lepiej na tych garach hej, to nie mozna tak prostacko jak na weselu grac na wyeksponowanej perkusji \"tru tututu psiiii\", muzycznie to jest chyba najgorszy twoj kawaek , najgorsze sa te gary, ja pierdole piekne hit lata jak nic , kocham,punk not de zjadlam klawiature ale to jest sabe, jezeli myslisz, ze to jest ok to musisz sie nad soba powaznie zastanowic lol panie pawle dziekuje za opinie i nie wracaj tutaj wiecej wysmienite! spoko o chuj... no piekne! co za gowno xd ale najwazniejsze ze swiezaki i dzieciaki powiedza ze dobre. dobrze osa ! nie suchaj sie siebie tylko ziomkow co nie nagrywaja. oni na pewno wiedza najlepiej ! a, kurwa, chuj ci w oczy osa! nigdy nie zawodzisz :d ukrades mi modosc kurwa! ide sie powiesic. albo nie... czekej... ide sie nachlac, tak bedzie lepiej! dzwieki bitow darcie ryja brzmia identycznie jak przy zbieraniu malin na dziace we wrocawiu. fajne pogoski o smierci osika byy mocno przesadzone... no i zajebioza jak zwykle xd syf, gdzje ten osa ktory byl rom temu,.wescost rulezz klimaty patolove. a przy tym to ja ide spac a nie vibe do przodu jest vibe, rozkmin tekst, to ten sam obszar cay czas tylko inna nuta kozak w chuj ale to daje zajebisty vibe, osa rozjebales poraz kolejny <33 zakochaem sie w tym sucham w koko <33\nbede tego suchac jak napierdole sie z dziewczyna b)) to jest summer hit!!! oddaj pieniadze a pozyczy? haha przed miljonem xd rafa chryciuk gigablancio:_) kurcze chciabym miec taki miy fajny summer zeby moc tego kawaka z taka pena radoscia ciagle suchac zamiast przypominac sobie jak zle jest. mam nadzieje ze osa kochany ma dobry czas i jest to z serduszka wydane a nie wzorem innych tworcow ze \"bo sezon na lekkie letnie imprezowe\". nasi chopcy bardzo chca by osa by szczesliwy\nchciabym miec kiedys szanse tak korzystac z zycia causki :* jaki vibe najlepszy letniaczek od wielu lat, idealnie kiedy potrzebny <3 mocno wchodzi zajebiste dobre dobre ale szit od frytki w czestochowie czekaem nice jeden z tych utworow ktore z kazdym kolejnym przesuchaniem bujaja coraz bardziej nwm minimalnie zalatuje mi uhohslater szkoda ze zmieniles styl swoj i teraz robisz mainstreamowe gowno zeby altki lat 14 sluchaly chyba nie masz siana na cpanie dlatrgo taka decyzja szkoda bardzo ale mam nadzieje ze osa kiedys wroci chyba nie zrozumiaes przekazu najlepszy wakacyjny kawaek od czasow tdfa :d @urhiphop ja w niedziele 44. mialem warszafski deszcz, moleste i wyp3 na kasetach lol @soso spacesheep wasnie sie zorientowaem ze kupowaem dj 600v produkcja na ktorej bya letnie miosc w dniu premiery... tzn w piatek bo wasnie wtedy wastyway nowe [pyty w 1998 rok. za dwa tygodnie 40 lat na karku. jebac starosc @soso spacesheep letnia miosc tojedyny prawilny... ale osa rozjeba tedas co roku ma przynajmniej kilka kawalkow, ktore katuje cale lato super utwor je..c system ! top letniaczek i wcale nie zdechy ale gowno czuje tu podobny vibe co u chivas'a w anyzowych zelkach. nie nie wiem co myslec, ale chyba mi sie podoba bardzo fajna nutka jak przyspieszycie o 1.5x niby zdechla osa, ale robi robote ;) totalny rozpierdol, teraz tylko czekac po tym jak osa na gitarce wrocil zeby wrocil z toba wojtek i diana gdzie sie na taki melanz mozna zapac ? dobra muzyka osa git ! :d bede do tego jarac i popijac somersby <3 you made my summer sredni produkt. zrobio mi to wakacje jest stary vibeee z ta gitara wezcie mnie na wycieczke ktos osa z ziomkami dorastaja na naszych oczach osa widuje cie jak grasz w pilke wiec nie pierdol pezet napewno dumny nie umiem tego sluchac na trzezwo pojezdzilbym z wami na rowerze osa wroc tenk ju dzordz 2040 zdechy osa na prezydenta osa na gitarce mixtape 2 plox jak na piosenke nagrana na zwale cakiem ok, kto ma wiedziec ten wie cos o tym wiem https://youtu.be/4cwrxnsxbrk za mocne xddd kocham cie za to przez ktory balkon ?kolega pyta stary od melanzu dostaem raka zoadka a ten kawaek podnios mnie tak mega na duchu ze az zaswiecio sonce w nocy. piona za dobra muze! zdrowia, 5! zdrowia zycze mu!!!! zdrowia mordo!! kurwa kocham cie ale gowno gowniany co najwyzej komentarz pozdro osa osa znowu ta bluza tylko ja mam customa :) jebac hip hop i machanie apa az mi sie przypomniay lata 2006- 2016 ale teraz to ja juz monogamistka z mezem i synem ktorego koledzy spiewaja o miosci do jego starej (good to be yung mum). tylko zeby te sprawy juz umorzyli cholera mamusiu so true jeeeebnie! ye ye ye....... zajebiste !! klip majstersztyk jaka ta laska w teldeusku mana ig up vibe jest i kwasowy wakacyjny numer!\nttakie wakacje spedzaem, chlalem czasem ale dostaem olsnienia bo zbrzydo mi takie zycie , bawic sie tez mozna na trrzezwo a trzezwiejeny poprzez rozwoj, nowe emocje odkrywasz bodzce ktirych nieznallo sue lrzez wysoki poziom alkoholizacji :) no kozak a to ten osa dalej jest zywy ze nagrywa? fajne, pozdrowki zajebisty klimat wspaniaa nuta dajaca nadzieje na lepsze jutro! dziekuje osa mega!!! ale teskniem za tym dawaj mlody rozrabiaka spoleczenstwo w komentarzach jest kochane haha prawda loveee piekna piosenka sztosiwo mega tak sie konczy obcowanie z benzo i opioidami jeszcze krajowki do nosa i beda dziaslowac jak major suchodolski w wieku 30 lat moze tak a moze nie, idz pan psuc zabawe gdzies indziej ale woodstockowy vibe pszczoa dawaj na woodstock! fajnie, kiedy juz nie ma cenzury (ps. dobry temat - osa moze dac rade)...ale underground tez byl piekny wczesniej...\nniewiele sie zmienilo, ale teraz mozesz na spontanie spiewac, mowic, etc o tym swobodnie...\n\\ za przeproszeniem o czym ty pierdolisz? i to jest autentycznie przyziemny, klimatyczny letniak, pozdro osa, czekanko na epke z dvd (takie suchy od dzbana chodza) ^^ moja ulubiona piosenka big cyc zajebiste osa!! szkoda, ze ucinaja zasiegi takiemu kox utworowi fajne to :) w koncu kiedy osa bedziesz mia zone xd zajebisty letniaczek stary nie idz ta droga... kurwa to jakies pitolenie dla gimnazjum mozna wyjsc z kazdego gowna. co prawda trzeba miec troche szczescia, ale los co jakis czas sie do nas usmiecha. od nas jednak zalezy czy bedziemy gotowi skorzystac z okazji, czy raczej zagrzebiemy sie w tym gownie tak geboko, ze nawet jej nie zauwazymy. pozdro kazdy jest odpowiedzialny w 100% (a przynajmniej powinien) za swoj los, wiec w kazdej chwili mozesz go zmienic ;) w kazdej chwili jest okazja, wystarczy przestac sie okamywac, i zaakceptowac siebie do zdrowia wracasz\nkiedy dzialasz\nswoja przygode ku trzezwosci\nrozpoczalem 17 pazdziernika 2021\nja traciem zmysy miaem takie stany,\nsuchaj czowiek nie uschnie jesli bedzie chcia sie zmienic uczciwosc to raz\nludzie boja sie przestac pic i cpac bo moja sie najgorszych stanow...one przechodza, trzeba miec charakter i determinacje\nale jestem cholernie bardzo wdziecznym ze te trzezwienie nie jest suche, a kieruje sie nad zdobywaniem wiedzy w kazdym szczegole\ntrzeba zyc w zgodzie samym soba, uczyc wdziecznosci zato co mamy, a wtedy przeniknie to naszych serc i wypelni nas po brzegi\ngdybys mnie kiedys zada pytanie chocby dwa lata temu, czy da sie zyc bez alkoholu, wysmiabym cie\ndzis czuje ze moge pomagac innym ludziom\ndziekuje mocy ponad mojej siy a tobie chce dac dugofalowa nadzieje, ze wszystko moze sie odmienic obojetnie kim jestes :\njestem alkoholikiem straciem obsesje do picia bo uwierzyem w sie wyzsza, dzieki ktorej zrobiem wszystko by wyzwolic we mnie spokoj ducha otwierajac sie na mozliwosc wyleczenia, wierzac moc ponad siy, ktora jest silniejsza ode mnie\ngdgbym tak dalej chlal wyladowabym predzej czy pozniej wsrod meneli\na naoewno czekala na mnie czarna dziura\nmoze im bym zapi sie na smierc bo byem wstanie takim.\nwiele ludzi sie ode mnie odwrocio, byli tacy ktirzy zamiast mnje wspierac i motywowac nadzwyczajnie wytykali palcem, wzbudzaja we mnie nie zdrowe poczucie wstydu, ale ja niedalem sie ponizyc, pamietaj jak mijalem znajomych ktirzy widzieli mnie zaczeli , wspolczuc pamietam jednego znajomego jadacego rowerem ktiry wyzywali ode mnie meneli, tylko dlatego ze odciaem sie od niego , to byl chopak ktory mia ogromne problemy z alkoholem i narkotykami,\nzaburzeniami psychicznymi ktorym karmi sie widokiem cierpiacego czowieka, oczywiscie cay ja, musiaem mu cieta riposta odpowiedziec, niewiedzial co ma powiedzie.\nmiaem momenty, ze\nkompletnie straciem sens zycia a kazda dolegliwosc i smutek nadzwyczajnie zapijalem, chodz wiedziaem ze jestem alkoholikiem, piem w kazdychbmiejscach nawet w tych najbardziej odpychajacych i tych najbardziej luksusowych...wiec ja marzyem tylko aby wrocic gdzie teraz jestem, byem tak geboko w depresji alkoholowej ze nadzwyczajnie sadzilem ze jestem juz totalnie skonczony, ale modliem sie proszac, ze jeszcze przede mna tyle lat zycia, aby dal sile w najtrudniejszymi okresie mojego zycia\njest wielu w tym kregu ludzi wartosciowych ktorzy juz pacza , ze pija ze nie potrafia bez niego funkcjunowac alkohol jest ich lekarstwem na wszelkie dolegliwosci, niestety tak jest , bo faza choroby cay czas sie rozwija ktora doprowadza finalnie do smierci...\nw ostatnim fazie picia cechowao we mnie egoizm, obojetnosc dopoki nie doznaem olsnienia... bez alkoholu,niewyobrazalem sobie , ze mozna zyc,? , mozna sie bawic bez obsesji , nawet tam gdzie fizycznie istnieje alkohol?? mozna ! jestem naprawde kazdego dnia coraz bardziej szczesliwszym czowiekiem, to bya najlepsza decyzja w moim zyciu! naleze do wspolnoty aa. bylem w ciagu przez po roku praktycznie wszystko juz straciem nie widziaem nadziei, wiem jedno ze to jest choroba ktora niszczy pod kazdym wzgledem doprowadza do roznych form zawansowania zaczynasz sie trzymac z ludzmi ktorzy majactaki sa problem,\nwiem ze gdybym wciaz pil tak cay czas\nbylbym sta sie penerem, ale daem rade wyjsc z bednego koa , chodz bywaly takie stany ze zycie byo dla mnie niejakie, nieprzyjazne,odrzucajace niiepojmowalem i nieczulem jak swiat mnie otacza dotknea mnie ta choroba, a zarazem doznaem olsnienia dzieki czemub moj zycie calkowicie sie zmienio pod kazdym wzgledem rozwoju osobistym, przywrocia przywrocia sie poczytalnosc i odzyskaem wiare chodzac na mktttyngi moge powiedziec , ze nie wazne jak nisko upades jesli zdasz sie na uczciwosc wobec siebie mozesz podniesc sie z kolan i wrocic do rzeczywistosci nawet jesli ludzie sa juz w takim stanie nieprzytomnym a organizm.calkowicie zatruty na dodatek sa ogromne trudnosci z komunikacja..\npoznalem tez takich ze nigdy bym nie powiedzia ze z\nyl na ulicy, zasadziem drzewo trzezwosci i zyje dniem.\n17 pazdziernika 2021 rozpoczeam nowa podroz wychodzac z ciemnego tunelu ujrzaem swiato..\npol roku!!\nkazde ma swoje dno.\nja musialem wszysto stracic i przepic aby zrozumiec ze jestem bezsilnym wobec niego\n17 kwietnia\nwybija rowno pol roku zaprzestania obsesyjnego picia i z perspektywy czasu zawdzieczam to determinacji i zapalu ale rowniez sile wyzszej, wspolnocie aa oni beda funkcjonowac, a ja bez nich nie.\ntam tez poznalem przyjaciol na cale zycie.\ndzisiaj nie pije, a co\nbedzie jutro? pokaze czas zyje dniem. swiat jest taki jaki jest.\npoznaje nowe zycie, ktore zamieniaja sie kolory na trzezwo, ktore przed tem byly szare, one wychodza powoli\nwiem ze to dlugi proces przede mna\nale ciesze sie ze mam duzo w sobie powera.\nalkoholicy to mistrzowie manipulacji, uwierz mi to demokratyczna choroba\ndzisiaj jestem trzezwym przychodzac tam na mitingi jak do swijej rodziny\npoznaje tam ludzi madrzejszych, wartosciowych ode mnie i riwniez dzieke sie swoim doswiadczeniem picioryzmu ale zachowuje postawe ucznia.\nmotywacja i praca\ntrzezwieje dla siebie to pierwsze pzniej dla rodziny i cakej reszty\ntu mowa o zdrowym egoizm\nobrachunek moralny by wyzbyc sie zalu, jakich ludzi skrzywdziles.\no picioryzmu moge pisac i pisac\njak zylem w klamstwie w iluzji, chorobami mozna przestac pic , chlac to zalezy od sposob naszego myslenia i czy napewno chcesz wejsc w innym tryb zycia\nja? mam teraz otwarta glowe i stawiam na rozwoj osobisty i tez pisze nagrywam kawalk na rap fane i wiecie co??\nwarto\n! calkowicie inny mechanizm i zdolnosc obserwowania inaczej na swiat.\npomyslec sibie ze ja nie pije 9 miesiecy i swiat patrze zupelnie innymi kolorami, a tondipiero poczatek drogi, mozg to miesien szczerze mowiac zalezy mi nad rozwojem osobistym, szczerze i szczerze robie wszystko by swiatczewbetrzny niemia wpywu na moje zachowania i przekonania, nie nakrecam sie, szukam\nzmian, poza tym juz niepijac poznaje sie, samoocena wzrasta , to jest prawda piem wrecz piem bedac wysoko juz postawionym alkoholikiem by wypenic pustke z czasem juz tylko byy fatalne stany ktore nachodziy i ja bagaem by odstawic alkoholu i udao sie, dzieki siy ponad mojej siy wiara wbrew wszystkim pozorom.\nwiesz nawet, straciem wszystko wiedziaem ze te miejsce jest zarezerwowane dla mnie tzw dno, bez statusu osiedlenca niemoglem pracowac dolegliwosci stresu tak.mnke przerosy ze przez 6miesuecy byem totalnie offline odciety od rodziny i znajomych poznawaem ludzi nowych zwykych, biednych,bogatych i tych jak ja oja alkohol a kazdy dzien zaczyna sie od picia! bez niego leki, stres tragiczne stany ale przeszlo 9miesiecy dzisiaj mija rowno mojej abstynencji, wyeliminowana alkoholu z mej zyciowki, niepotrzbnowalem zadnych terapii a wiary i uporzadkowania wszystkiego w mojej gowie. ,,kiedy suchaem ich pyt miaem ciary na plecach\nlegal tak ich wykastrowa ze do teraz nie dowierzam\" na takom kolonie to ja bym pojecha elo sabe wyswietlenia a nuta zajebista widocznie nie musisz potrafic spiewac, xeby szarej masie sie podobao gowno. 49 kilogramow dobrego tracku ! czowieku zrobies mi ta nuta cae lato ale miego lata polecam w predkosci 1,25 znowu rozjebales schemat..kim ty kurwa jestes gosciu zajebisty teledysk prawdziwe ale strasznie chujowe no i fajnie seplenisz real pancur not dead wyspa opatowicka :) koncowka teledysku na kozanowie osa na gitarce to byl 4 lata temu pzdr yolo mordeczki\nzarcie w soki na czas jedzenia ale gowno. ale dupa. masz nie codzienny vibe, czekam na wiecej utworow od ciebie :d zajebisty klip utopia c00l yee boyyyy dzieki osa za motywacje kto przed 10k wyswietlen daje lajka mam nadzieje ze jutro na koncercie poleci na nutka <3 @venomeek poleciao, nawet jedna ktora jeszcze nie wyszla poleciala byaaaa opatowicka <3 mocne ale to jest klimatyczne! to jest klimat ktory mi pasuje . dzieki osa omojslodkijezusku czysty punk. odjechaam do starych dobrych czasow... fajowe moze przestane sie niszczyc pozdro kwasny trip morze mi troche zagusza ale chyba git jak zawsze z reszta wpada w ucho dojebane mmmmmmm osa potrafi w tyle klimatow, dobre jakbym big cyca sucha xd moze elektryczne gitary? melodia na bank znana ale totalnie nie moge sobie przypomniec co to gitarkowy osa kozak szkoda, ze brak dobrego refrenu i druga zwrotka jest o tym samym co pierwsza. troche zmarnowany potencja kocham cie co tam robi mafaszyn odreagowuje. <33 unikat, takiego realtalku zepsutych chopakow brakuje. \"moze nawet pogramy w gae zamiast jak zawsze jarac ja w garze\" nawet w takim summer songu osa musia cos dojebac i oby tak dalej :d @krowka milka okeej dzieki za wyjasnienie :) jednak wole gibony :) @mr lazlo normalnie da sie tym ucpac, z tym ze jest to juz naprawde dla zdesperowanych cpunow. faza trzyma dwa dni i ludzie mowia ze najblizej jej do gibonowej @krowka milka czy ktos sie tym ucpal czy to tylko mit ? bo tez lata temu o tym syszaem cos tam o tym @gorgutek1 do usug :d kurwa aether, co ty odjebaes z tym bitem ???:) super piosenka pozdrawiam ;) i zajebiscie to brzmi, bez kitu dobre w chuj dupa ale letniak bangla! idealne do bata nad jeziorkiem osa najwspanialszy czlowiek zwierze idealne na wakacje dziekujemy ci w moim odczuciu to bardzo smutna piosenka w moim dosc wesoe czaje bezradnosc bardziej niz smutek ale po czesci masz racje. mi akurat brakowao takiej piosenki, zeby sie uspokoic brudasy jebane kiedy wkoncu zmienisz spodnie xdddddddddddddddddddddddddd ale i tak cie kocham za mlodego ose pozdro osa, jestes zajebisty! w sumie to bardzo smutne to jest, bo tak naprawde marza o normalnym prostym zyciu ale naogi im nie pozwalaja, wiec sie degraduja sztucznym szczesciem. nutka git @nopain nogain dopoki to my mamy nad czyms kontrole to jest w sumie ok, no oprocz tego ze amiemy prawo, a jak cos przejmuje kontrole nad nami to juz jest problem, przestajemy byc soba, niszczymy swoje zdrowie, cierpi portfel, otoczenie, najblizsi, praca, mozna sie zaniedbac. a co do tych wartosci, narkotyki wyzwalaja, daja tyle poziomu dopaminy ile nie da jedzenie, seks, sport czy jakies ulubione zajecie, wiec gdy juz wiesz jak to jest dostac bez wysiku i w chwili ktorej tylko sie chce kopa duzej dawki neuroprzekaznikow to czowiek chce tylko wiecej i wiecej od zycia, a wtedy trudno byc szczerym, godnym zaufania, nie zdradzac. sam sprobowaem kilka substancji, nie jestem swiety ale moi znajomi ktorzy wpadli sa dla mnie przestroga by nie naduzywac. @nopain nogain wedlug mnie nawet te 30 zycia lwa ktory ostro nakurwia itd. nie byoby szczesliwe - nawet jesli tak by wygladalo z boku, wiec lepiej ze soba mimo wszystko walczyc i nie dac sie zatracic. z jednej strony masz racje ale z drugiej nasuwa sie pytanie dlaczego tak nie zyc? czy czowiek wartosciowy to tylko ten co jest 'porzadnym obywatelem' tj. dzidzusie, slub, kredyt, dom, drzewo i gosowanie i koscio? zajebiste zycie nie musi byc dugie moze byc krotkie ale intensywne..lepiej zyc 30 lat jak lew niz 100 jak owca p.s. nie jestem zdrowy psychicznie wiec ten komentarz to moja osobista koncepcja 'zycia' tez tak uwazam same\njakie to jest do bolu prawdziwe. kiedy 2 pytka aetherboy1 nie spodziewabym sie ze wyprodukujesz taki bicik haha pyniemy po zioo nuta tak dobra jak dupa rudej z teledysku :d si osa ja to chce usyszec w radiu *.* dobry tyvole dopici czekamy osa na pytke :d czekaem na to kurwaaaaaa! <333 baja gitara ale czekam na cos z j3bnieciem :d spoczko mega vibe podoba sie to dla nas najs odjebane ladnie piekni wkoncu kurwa odjebao od lata kocham cie mamy ta sama czapke hah pozdro szponty imagine zyc jak na tym teledysku kocuuuuuur piekny przekaz do modziezy jakie to jest kurwa piekne ja pierdole jak siedzi, dobrze, ze osa niue schodzi z formy z biegiem czasu kozaczek piekne takie se cakiem g mega , pozdro tak ale czilerka <3 grziby brakowao takiego vibu gdzie preorder kurwa osa jestes swirem\npodoba mi sie ale pieknie luzne mega piekne nieze ej juz doroslem i te cpun piosenkia sa chujowe xdddd forever young people happy tree friends nareszcie osa na gitarce <3 co xdd ta? elegancka nutka kurla oryginalnie mody baku piekne <3 niewiem zrobic z tego (bass boosted)??? @xvawju gituwa @krowka milka luz nie osa ty chyba z 50kg wazysz. bardzo przyjemna dla ucha osssaaa kvrwa nie zawiodem sie ale sie tego lekko slucha, zwlaszcza jak sie pamieta o twoich starych nutach hahah oby tak dalej osewicz zajebiscie nie byo sytuacji, zeby osa na gitarce zawiod ogarnij fryz nie mog zawiesc, bo ten rif to nie jest eric clapton ani anders segovia +1 @obaben kiedy? ale ze ty osy suchasz no i chuj osa propsy fajowo czekane byo piekne *idealnie w momencie kiedy najbardziej osy potrzebuje* kurwa osa przelataam cay zeszy rok przy twoich nutkach, a teraz siedze w chacie i staram sie jesc normalnie bo bede matka, ale fajnie widziec ze nawet ty zmieniasz podejscie xd pozdro dla wytrwaych @monika dziecio dbaj o siebie :) @jane margolis to bedzie hardkor bo starzy maja gownie patogeny, ale damy rade. dzieki!! powodzenia z maluszkiem\noby da ci duzo radosci :)) gdzie kasjerka prostujaca zwije pewnie na kasie ;d mogaby byc w klipie bez kitu haha pozdro soa na gosniki cae lato randomowo wbilem yt i 2min temu dodane xd jakos cay czas obserwuje, sucham modego pokolenia i mysle, ze obraes dobry kierunek. pozdro, rocznik'75 yo @micha brys why? nie oszczedzaj dziewczynom. niech wiedza co to dobra muza ale ten kawalek niesie. ps.j cantone ogladalem gdy do manu przyszedl\n.mam dwie corki i nie chce zeby tego sluchaly :))))) @lop krk o co ci chodzio z woo hah? to nazwa festiwalu na ktorym niedawno byem.. i to w nl @sansio :p @jane margolis niesamowicie bawi mnie jak to wasnie pod kawakiem osy akurat pojawia sie jane\nto brzmi jak jakis zupeny canon te wakacje beda brzmiec jak martwy pszczoa nie ma co zobaczmy w koncu osa na gitarze <3 jedyna osa jaka szanuje jedziemy z tym koksem przy tych nutkach mozna sie tak wyluzowac miego suchania 1 tak myslaam ze kolejne gowno i sie nie myliam 23 sekundy temu . ez 1 no to lecimy sluchamy a ye", "likes": "7537", "channel": {"name": "ZDECH\u0141Y OSA", "chanenelID": "UCQbqJsoPrzC7QtYz4Cx1Axg", "subscribers": "99900"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 205.0, "keyword": "OSA", "rank": 8, "consine similarity": 0.21320071635561041}
{"id": "apM-V7JUvKc", "title": "OSA - MOON Freestyle / 2X20 (feat. SALUKI) | Official Music Video", "views": "632694", "date_published": "2020-09-10", "description": "OSA - MOON Freestyle / 2X20 (feat. SALUKI) | Official Music Video  \u0421\u043b\u0443\u0448\u0430\u0439 \u0438 \u0437\u0430\u0433\u0440\u0443\u0436\u0430\u0439 \u0430\u043b\u044c\u0431\u043e\u043c: https://wmr.lnk.to/replexia \r \u041f\u043e\u0434\u043f\u0438\u0448\u0438\u0441\u044c \u043d\u0430 WOW TV: https://wowtv.me/subscribe  DIRECTOR : ENF. PRODUCER : VLADISLAV PANASENKO DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY : ENF.  SUPER 8 FILM PHOTOGRAPHY : NIKITA ROGOV  EDIT : ENF.  COLOR : ENF.  SOUND DESIGN: SALUKI, OSA, ENF.  STYLE : KONSTANTIN KOSHKIN TALENTS : SALUKI, OSA, ANIKV, BAD ZU, N1KY, ALEXANDER OVODOV, VLADISLAV PANASENKO, ALEXANDER MALYSHEV, ANTONINA KRAVCHENKO, MARIA RUBTSOVA   SPECIAL THANKS: NATALIA MAZUR, SONYA ROMANOVA & KODAK  SCAN : On8mil  \"REPLEXIA\" 2020  #ShotOnFilm #Super8", "tags": ["wow tv", "wowtvnow", "\u0432\u043e\u0432 \u0442\u0432", "\u043a\u043b\u0438\u043f", "\u0432\u0438\u0434\u0435\u043e", "\u043c\u0443\u0437\u044b\u043a\u0430", "\u0441\u043a\u0430\u0447\u0430\u0442\u044c \u043c\u0443\u0437\u044b\u043a\u0443", "\u0441\u043a\u0430\u0447\u0430\u0442\u044c", "\u0441\u043a\u0430\u0447\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0431\u0435\u0441\u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442\u043d\u043e", "Video", "music", "OSA - MOON Freestyle / 2X20 (feat. SALUKI) | Official Music Video", "OSA", "SALUKI", "MOON Freestyle", "2X20", "REPLEXIA", "official music video"], "comments": "\" \" \" \"? . ! , 0:50 - , saluki- travis scott . . . . ! 2 *- ?*\n* *\n, * - - , *\n*- ?* * * nice , saluki, ? ? ? @underworld tapes 8. @kodakshootfilm ! ! , 220 , , ^$*$#7$/\n, 120 , 65 ... . constant music . miyagi, . , , : ?????????? !!! ? , - ! , . . , - , , . , , . ? osa? osa * , , !* oca @noisov , , , ,\n, . @hendrix whorah bad zu \" \". @denys gashaw ? @denys gashaw . , , . , , , , , ) @ , <3 . ) , osa&saluki&anikv&bad zu&tveth&jeembo&104 ?) . 2) saluki . @bruh , club 2 . , @ !!!!!!!?????????????????? , , , . .)\n. ! * ?* . , , , @ ) @ ? ) o~year~ @a4mallard replexia, osa ?", "likes": "5348", "channel": {"name": "WOW TV", "chanenelID": "UCbOmdGuNF-dUQsIN_BO9JTw", "subscribers": "2790000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 196.0, "keyword": "OSA", "rank": 23, "consine similarity": 0.11470786693528087}
{"id": "w8yaHpgBH8I", "title": "OSAHS", "views": "26", "date_published": "2021-03-19", "description": "", "tags": "NA", "comments": "", "likes": "0", "channel": {"name": "Yuwell Philippines Gavin", "chanenelID": "UCgKA30vYyuzVBDabV32rkrw", "subscribers": "62"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 259.0, "keyword": "OSAHS", "rank": 18, "consine similarity": "NA"}
{"id": "xh2cSIAQOEs", "title": "Effects of OSAHS Cure by Yuwell Breath Care PAP", "views": "35", "date_published": "2022-02-20", "description": "Obstructive Sleep Apnea Hypopnea Syndrome (OSAHS), is common in patients with OHS, compared to single Obesity Hypoventilation Syndrome (OHS) or OSAHS, patients with both of them are more susceptible to have serious hypoxia and carbon dioxide retention during sleep, and much more likely to result in pulmonary hypertension and cor-pulmonale  CURE-  Use YUWELL Breath Care PAP Device for Breath Care therapy on Doctors Consultation  to avoid n number of health related issues and get a better Quality Sleep    Features of Yuwell PAP Devices- - No-Spoiler Air Duct Design  - High Performance Brushless Motor - Intelligent Data Management - Heating and Humidification With 6 Levels - CSA (Central sleep apnea) Detection", "tags": ["#yuwell", "#oxygen", "#healthcare", "#homecare", "#breathcare", "#OHASH", "#sleepapnea", "#sleeptherapy"], "comments": "", "likes": "0", "channel": {"name": "Yuwell KSA", "chanenelID": "UCX412zaB6ZZAloVfEWff0GA", "subscribers": "12"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 118.0, "keyword": "OSAHS", "rank": 24, "consine similarity": 0.11785113019775793}
{"id": "qejRaGXVCYE", "title": "Inspire Therapy for Obstructive Sleep Apnea", "views": "188241", "date_published": "2016-10-05", "description": "What is obstructive sleep apnea? How does Inspire Therapy Work? Watch the video to find these answers and more.  Learn more about Inspire Therapy for obstructive sleep apnea at University Hospitals: http://www.UHhospitals.org/services/otolaryngology-ent/institute/inspire-therapy-for-obstructive-sleep-apnea", "tags": ["Obstructive Sleep Apnea", "Sleep Apnea", "Sleep Apnea Treatment", "Inspire Therapy", "University Hospitals", "Cleveland", "Ohio"], "comments": "", "likes": "509", "channel": {"name": "University Hospitals", "chanenelID": "UC3o204QqPUa6V3q2m_9DZuQ", "subscribers": "17300"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 140.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Apnea", "rank": 24, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "iqvGhNI_6Gs", "title": "Surgical Patients and Obstructive Sleep Apnea Care Team", "views": "2698", "date_published": "2014-09-24", "description": "", "tags": "NA", "comments": "can severe sleep apnea patients go for surgery under ga? will this be risky? or safe?\npls reply @zach taylor thank you for replying from my research, it is up to 10 times riskier than standard patients having surgury. if you plan on having surgury, be very thorough with your questions and getting the answers from the medical team looking after your surgury.", "likes": "10", "channel": {"name": "Fraser Health", "chanenelID": "UCNQSZd2CUi1pPtcWJDcZQWw", "subscribers": "3400"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 167.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Apnea", "rank": 25, "consine similarity": "NA"}
{"id": "LWbTh0B414Q", "title": "What is Obstructive Sleep Apnea?", "views": "1811", "date_published": "2018-01-30", "description": "Jose S. Loredo, MD, MS, MPH, FCCP, FAASM explains obstructive sleep apnea. Watch the Entire Talk Here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtbgWhzI7bU&t=57s [2/2018] [Show ID: 33350]  Please Note: Knowledge about health and medicine is constantly evolving. This information may become out of date.  More from: Stein Institute for Research on Aging (https://www.uctv.tv/stein)  Explore More Health & Medicine on UCTV (https://www.uctv.tv/health) UCTV features the latest in health and medicine from University of California medical schools. Find the information you need on cancer, transplantation, obesity, disease and much more.  UCTV is the broadcast and online media platform of the University of California, featuring programming from its ten campuses, three national labs and affiliated research institutions. UCTV explores a broad spectrum of subjects for a general audience, including science, health and medicine, public affairs, humanities, arts and music, business, education, and agriculture. Launched in January 2000, UCTV embraces the core missions of the University of California -- teaching, research, and public service \u2013 by providing quality, in-depth television far beyond the campus borders to inquisitive viewers around the world. (https://www.uctv.tv)", "tags": ["sleep", "sleep apnea", "sleep disorders", "OSA", "insomnia", "circadian rhythms", "health"], "comments": "watch the entire talk here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otbgwhzi7bu&t=57s her arm looked ripped in that thumbnail", "likes": "32", "channel": {"name": "University of California Television (UCTV)", "chanenelID": "UCh6KFtW4a4Ozr81GI1cxaBQ", "subscribers": "1140000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 347.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Sleep", "rank": 23, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "NyBkWHjgAOQ", "title": "Obstructive Sleep Apnea Diagnosis and Treatment", "views": "6318", "date_published": "2013-10-22", "description": "Rachel Salas, M.D., Johns Hopkins neurology sleep specialist and assistant medical director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Sleep at Howard County General Hospital and Virginia Runko, Ph.D., Johns Hopkins behavioral sleep specialist, explain obstructive sleep apnea, its diagnosis, its seriousness, who is at risk, and available treatments, including sleeping with positive airway pressure masks known as C-PAP. Appointments: 1-800-WESLEEP  http://www.hcgh.org/sleep", "tags": ["howard county general hospital", "hcgh", "howard county", "columbia", "maryland", "Rachael Salas", "Dr. Salas", "Virginia Runko", "Dr. Runko", "obstructive sleep apnea", "C-PAP", "CPAP", "positive airway pressure machine", "sleep apnea diagnosis", "sleep apnea treatment", "sleep aid", "sleeping pill", "melatonin", "snoring", "trouble sleeping", "problems falling asleep", "problems staying asleep", "sleep disorder", "sleep center", "sleep specialist", "Johns Hopkins Center for Sleep"], "comments": "no dignosis. all is fege many thanks, i've been looking for \"does sleeping sitting up help sleep apnea?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. you ever tried - letochy fast apnea plan - (should be on google have a look ) ? it is a great one off product for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea without the headache. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my friend got amazing results with it. i've been an insomnia person for several years. nonetheless by the help of this sleep program , snodoz plan , go ogle it ,, i was able to get a good sleep every evening. i can now sleep for 8 hours. i'm sleeping so well that i haven't even done the plan. the program has entirely eradicated my insomnia. thanks a lot to this treatment solution.. \"i recommend this guide:\n*cuby.best/ss-guide/6ij*\nso grateful it exists.\"\n3:25\nmany thanks, been searching for \"obstructive sleep apnoea pathophysiology\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you ever come across - letochy fast apnea plan - (search on google ) ? it is a great exclusive product for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea minus the headache. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my work buddy got great results with it. cheers for this, been searching for \"what is the best device for sleep apnea?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you heard people talk about - letochy fast apnea plan - (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now ) ? it is a good one of a kind guide for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea minus the normal expense. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my mate got cool results with it. \"i recommend this guide:\n*katz.best/ssn-guide/yfc*\nso grateful it exists in 2020.\" \"i recommend this guide:\n*katz.best/ssn-guide/gqz*\nso grateful it exists in 2020.\" \"i recommend this guide:\n*yoro.best/apneae/tlr*\nso grateful it exists in 2020.\" \"i recommend getting this ebook with exercises if you want to get rid of snoring&sleep apnea: *yoro.best/apnea/hw5* it worked for me in 2020, i didn't snore in over a week now says my wife.\" i'm not sure but ,if anyone else needs to find out about how to cure sleep apnea at home try tarbetti apnea expert tutor(do a search on google ) ? ive heard some super things about it and my cousin got great success with it. snoring destroyed my relationship. i dont have sleep apnea but the snoring and insomnia was almost to much to bear. for snoring i use a special pillow that is very comfortable. it can be found at sleepiatnight.org and the insomnia was cured by sleepsite.org", "likes": "19", "channel": {"name": "Howard County General Hospital", "chanenelID": "UCNZKiBm47wUEupl7JVs4ahg", "subscribers": "14700"}, "accreditationTag": 1, "duration": 153.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Sleep Apnea", "rank": 23, "consine similarity": 0.08703882797784893}
{"id": "c1rPFj7CCGE", "title": "How We Treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea", "views": "16800", "date_published": "2018-02-02", "description": "Jose S. Loredo, MD, MS, MPH, FCCP, FAASM lists methods used in treating obstructive sleep apnea. Watch the Entire Talk Here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtbgWhzI7bU&t=57s [2/2018] [Show ID: 33351]  Please Note: Knowledge about health and medicine is constantly evolving. This information may become out of date.  More from: Stein Institute for Research on Aging (https://www.uctv.tv/stein)  Explore More Health & Medicine on UCTV (https://www.uctv.tv/health) UCTV features the latest in health and medicine from University of California medical schools. Find the information you need on cancer, transplantation, obesity, disease and much more.  UCTV is the broadcast and online media platform of the University of California, featuring programming from its ten campuses, three national labs and affiliated research institutions. UCTV explores a broad spectrum of subjects for a general audience, including science, health and medicine, public affairs, humanities, arts and music, business, education, and agriculture. Launched in January 2000, UCTV embraces the core missions of the University of California -- teaching, research, and public service \u2013 by providing quality, in-depth television far beyond the campus borders to inquisitive viewers around the world. (https://www.uctv.tv)", "tags": ["sleep", "sleep apnea", "sleep disorders", "OSA", "insomnia", "circadian rhythms", "health"], "comments": "watch the entire talk here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otbgwhzi7bu&t=57s help i can't breath on my sleep, i'm young and i don't know what to do, i exercise everyday whenever it just happened today!!! please anyone!!! i am at 2:41 am and i don't wanna die because of it!!!\ni don't have money also.. yo, a couple practical things that don't cost much are these:\n1.sleep on your side. it'll help keep the airway open.\n2. but a netipot or a rinse bottle at a drug store and do a rinse before you go to sleep with water and salt ( packets usually come with the bottle). this will help if there's sinus issues.\n3. if you got allergies get some meds. you could find them for $15-20 online.\n4. get a humidifier for the crib. if the airs to dry it could cause more sinus issues.\n5. lose weight of overweight\n6. try to practice good posture in the daytime. just be mindful of it.\nyou could also get a sleep\nstudy on amazon without having to go to the doctor. this would cost a couple hundred bucks but you could do it without a drs visit and could help you understand how bad the apnea really is. if you could manage a way to do it, i would look into it.\ngood luck to your bro. the comment is a couple months old but i know how not sleeping really sucks. if you see this i hope it helps. @gallo 47 he is a little overweight but not to much @kikomickey64 is he overnight or obese ? damn bro i feel you. my brother is in the same exact situation and he cant seem to find help because he doesn't have health insurance to cover the cost i was having a serious sleep problem last year and was performing a therapy known as cpap but still didn't work out. then i utilized this sleep apnea treatment \"amam fetching site\" (google it). right now i am pleased to tell everyone that i overcome that ailment. i no longer need to put up with the dreaded cpap mask, and can now sleep as a regular individual. . i was clinically diagnosed (less than a year ago) with severe sleep apnea. however, after reading through this sleep apnea therapy \"amam fetching site\" (google it) on what osa is, its causes, and what may be done about it, i sleep far better at night (pun intended). i am performing the exercises (albiet inconsistently) and seeing results. . i was diagnosed with severe sleep apnea last december, and managed through six weeks of cpap treatment that presented no relief. but good thing i discovered this particular treatment \"amam fetching site\" (google it). i can now claim that i have been healed. i no longer experience sleep apnea and can rest much better than before. .", "likes": "157", "channel": {"name": "University of California Television (UCTV)", "chanenelID": "UCh6KFtW4a4Ozr81GI1cxaBQ", "subscribers": "1140000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 255.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Sleep Apnea", "rank": 12, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "TI9sYLad834", "title": "Night Shift - Positional treatment for obstructive sleep apnea", "views": "6303", "date_published": "2015-12-18", "description": "For many people, obstructive sleep apnea is worse when sleeping on their back. So, using a device to prevent sleeping on their back can be a helpful treatment for sleep apnea. In this interview Dr David Cunnington from SleepHub talks with Daniel Levendowski from Advanced Brain Monitoring about the Night Shift device, a positional sleep apnea treatment.", "tags": ["SleepHub", "Dr David Cunnington", "Sleep", "sleep apnea", "apnea", "snoring", "night shift", "osa"], "comments": "i've had mild insomnia for several years -- getting out of bed around four am on many days. a couple of months back, i began to obtain only two to 4 hours rest every night, making me in a more intense scenario of insomnia. this plan , snodoz plan , go ogle it ,, has aided me a lot in bettering my getting to sleep issue. this is aside from understanding the principles of sleeping.. insomnia is different from sleep apnea. this was great, thanks, i've been looking for \"how many apnea events per hour is normal?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you heard people talk about - letochy fast apnea plan - (do a search on google ) ? it is a smashing one of a kind guide for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea minus the normal expense. ive heard some decent things about it and my work buddy got excellent success with it.", "likes": "28", "channel": {"name": "SleepHub", "chanenelID": "UCSAntEpwfgYELcb5_2nZ7Fw", "subscribers": "1690"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 295.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome appliance", "rank": 21, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "JGmtNCgz1Pk", "title": "Obstructive sleep apnea treatment with oral appliances", "views": "2705", "date_published": "2011-10-20", "description": "Dr. Jamison Spencer, Omnisleep Solutions, India, talks about the role of oral appliances in the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea.", "tags": ["Sleep", "sleep apnea", "obstructive sleep apnea", "snoring", "oral appliances", "cpap", "Silent Sleep", "EMA"], "comments": "i failed to take my sleeping disorders very seriously in past days since it simply happens every now and then. not until 5 years later where it has become the worst issue. i'm able to merely sleep at night just for 3 hours in almost all nights and i simply cannot even rest throughout the night oftentimes. i used this unique method, snodoz plan , go ogle it , . i encountered great effect right on the specific day i started out applying it.. this was great, i have been researching \"questions to rule out obstructive sleep apnea\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you ever come across - letochy fast apnea plan - (search on google ) ? it is a smashing exclusive product for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea minus the hard work. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my co-worker got amazing success with it. i have one of these for sleep apnea. keeping up with the 3-times a day exercises with the younger is impossible. it hasn't worked for me. winner of a video, i been tryin to find out about \"complications of obstructive sleep apnea\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. you ever tried - letochy fast apnea plan - (just google it ) ? it is a great one of a kind guide for discovering how to get rid of sleep apnea without the headache. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my cousin got amazing success with it. hey ,if anyone else wants to uncover how to cure sleep apnea on your own try knewreck amazing apnea guide(do a search on google ) ? ive heard some pretty good things about it and my mate got cool success with it. this is a nice video,easpecially the advice for sleep apnea treatment new device. i also found something helpful for sleep apnea treatment provent was panlarko amazing sleep planner - if anyone wants to know more search on google i'm not sure but ,if anyone else trying to find out best cure for sleep apnea try vaxicorn simple sleep guide(should be on google have a look ) ? ive heard some decent things about it and my mate got amazing results with it. not certain about the points made but ,if anyone else wants to discover best cure for sleep apnea try vaxicorn simple sleep guide(just google it ) ? ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my m8 got amazing results with it. thank you i'm not sure but ,if anyone else wants to uncover how to cure sleep apnea exercise try tarbetti apnea expert tutor(should be on google have a look ) ? ive heard some pretty good things about it and my buddy got amazing results with it. hey ,if anyone else needs to find out about how to cure sleep apnea at home try megarno apnea magician(do a google search ) ? ive heard some super things about it and my mate got great success with it.", "likes": "6", "channel": {"name": "Omnisleep Solutions", "chanenelID": "UCFjB2WhT0wF6wQqbnCgI3NA", "subscribers": "31"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 150.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome appliance", "rank": 17, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "H7IYd1VWCqk", "title": "Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Overview (types, pathology, treatment)", "views": "545844", "date_published": "2016-09-09", "description": "Support me:  \ud83d\uddbc\ufe0f Buy PDFs: http://armandoh.org/shop  \ud83d\udcb5 Patreon: http://www.patreon.com/armando \ud83d\udc55 Buy shirts: https://teespring.com/stores/ah-7  Social media:  \ud83d\udcf7 Instagram: http://instagram.com/armandohasudungan \ud83d\udc26 Twitter: https://twitter.com/armandohasudung \ud83d\udcd4 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ArmandoHasudungan  Resources: \ud83d\udcd5 Books: http://armandoh.org/resource \ud83c\udf9e\ufe0f Equipment: armandoh.org/armando-faigl  You can send me mail: \ud83d\udceb PO BOX 166, Randwick NSW 2031, Australia", "tags": ["COPD", "chronic obstructive pulmonary disease", "emphysema", "emphysema pathophysiology", "chronic bronchitis", "lecture", "video", "tutorial", "pathophysiology", "pathogenesis", "pathology", "lung disease", "chronic lung disease", "types of COPD", "COPD management", "COPD changes", "air trapping", "smoking risk factors", "medicine", "Spirometry", "armando hasudungan", "nursing", "easy"], "comments": "my father was a smoker for forty years.he started when he was a teenager in high school in the early 1950s, and continued to smoke about a pack a day until he quit in 1995. for years he thought \"you know? 1 smoked for forty years, and i got away with it no. no he didn't. in 2014, nineteen years after he had quit smoking, he started noticing that he was having trouble with wheezing and feeling like he was out of breath a lot. he was diagnosed with early stage copd. for the first year, he was able to get by with simply using rescue inhalers once in a while, but by late 2015 he needed supplemental oxygen. at first, he could get by on the lowest tank setting of 1 liter per minute, but as time went on he needed an oxygen concentrator at home and he needed more and more oxygen. last year (2020) he was up to the oxygen concentrator's highest setting of 5 liters per minute, even while just sitting down. by this time i had moved in with him to take care of him. sometimes he would be gasping for air, and he would ask me \"son, is the machine on? i just can't get enough air\".....his condition worsened, our hearts melted every moment as we watched him gasp for breath,we were sure he would die any moment, by the time i started reading youtube comments,i stumbled upon a comment that said there is an old chinese man that cures this ailment ,i quickly contacted him and ordered the herbs with my father's money because he wouldn't need it anymore cos he would die any moment,i received the herbs in two days and from that moment he used the herbs, he began to feel better and better, few weeks later, he was completely cured, i thank you for reading this story about my father's experience with copd. if you know someone who is a smoker, and you love them, please encourage them to quit. we love daddy. all thanks to dr robert chan.if you have this ailment, or other diseases,email him with the mail above *my father was a smoker for forty years. he started when he was a teenager in high school in the early 1950s, and continued to smoke about a pack a day until he quit in 1995. for years he thought \"you know? 1 smoked for forty years, and i got away with it !\" no. no he didn't. in 2014, nineteen years after he had quit smoking, he started noticing that he was having trouble with wheezing and feeling like he was out of breath a lot. he was diagnosed with early stage copd. for the first year, he was able to get by with simply using rescue inhalers once in a while, but by late 2015 he needed supplemental oxygen. at first, he could get by on the lowest tank setting of 1 liter per minute, but as time went on he needed an oxygen concentrator at home and he needed more and more oxygen. last year (2020) he was up to the oxygen concentrator's highest setting of 5 liters per minute, even while just sitting down. by this time i had moved in with him to take care of him. sometimes he would be gasping for air, and he would ask me \"son, is the machine on? i just can't get enough air\" in december my father got covid-19, and his condition worsened, our hearts melted every moment as we watched him gasp for breath,we were sure he would die any moment, by the time i started reading youtube comments,i stumbled upon a comment that said there is an old chinese man that cures this ailment , i quickly contacted him and ordered the herbs with my father's money because he wouldn't need it anymore cos he would die any moment, i received the herbs in two days and from that moment he used the herbs, he began to feel better and better, a few weeks later, he was completely cured, i thank you for reading this story about my father's experience with copd. if you know someone who is a smoker, and you love them, please encourage them to quit. we love daddy. all thanks to dr. shen weng*\nif you have this ailment, email me on\nsamcheng365@gmail com and i will send you dr. shen's contact details* cure https://youtube.com/channel/ucsahf6kv3vg8lueireoztyw all thanks goes to dr oare on youtube who was god sent that was cure my lung disease through the use of herbal medicine treatment which i equally ordered from him.\nthank you dr oare on youtube i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. my father was a smoker for forty years.he started when he was a teenager in high school in the early 1950s, and continued to smoke about a pack a day until he quit in 1995. for years he thought \"you know? 1 smoked for forty years, and i got away with it no.\nno he didn't. in 2014, nineteen years after he had quit smoking, he started noticing that he was having trouble with wheezing and feeling like he was out of breath a lot. he was diagnosed with early stage copd.\nfor the first year, he was able to get by with simply using rescue inhalers once in a while, but by late 2015 he needed supplemental oxygen. at first, he could get by on the lowest tank setting of 1 liter per minute, but as time went on he needed an oxygen concentration at home and he needed more and more oxygen.\nlast year (2020) he was up to the oxygen concentration's highest setting of 5 liters per minute, even while just sitting down. by this time i had moved in with him to take care of him. sometimes he would be gasping for air, and he would ask me \"son, is the machine on? i just can't get enough air\".....his condition worsened, our hearts melted every moment as we watched him gasp for breath,we were sure he would die any moment, by the time i started reading youtube comments, i stumbled upon a comment that said there is an old chinese man that cures this ailment , i quickly contacted him and ordered the herbs with my father's money because he wouldn't need it anymore cos he would die any moment,i received the herbs in two days and from that moment he used the herbs, he began to feel better and better, few weeks later, he was completely cured, i thank you for reading this story about my father's experience with copd.\nif you know someone who is a smoker, and you love them, please encourage them to quit. we love daddy. all thanks to dr lee fidler. if you have this ailment, or other diseases, email me on :\ndrlee1202@gmail.com and i will send you dr lee's contact details wow. nice try you can get your disease/virus cure with a medicine that cure my herpes virus and pulmonary fibrosis from dr madida on youtube. with my heart fill with so much gladness because of me getting cured and triumph over my tinnitus and copd with the aid of dr madida herbal remedies on youtube. my husband battled with copd for years but i am glad right now that his condition swiftly changed positively as my husband can now breathe normal as every other person after undergoing copd herbal remedies from ( dr.schneider lon on youtube i was having difficulty breathing for 7 years, then was later diagnosed with bronchitis and emphysema... .. thanks to #dreromon on youtube, after two weeks of using his traditional herbal medicine, i can now breathe fine and my doctor confirmed improvement in my lungs... my husband battled with copd for years but i am glad right now that his condition swiftly changed positively as my husband can now breathe normal as every other person after undergoing copd herbal remedies from ( dr.schneider lon on youtube in asma it goes to normal after bronchodilator, not in copd i smoked for 14 years and got rewarded with copd for 3 years, it was a near-death experience that i have now narrowly escaped from. i got cured with simple natural chinese herbs and oil from dr shen, someone from this comment section gave me the doctor's contact who sent me herbs that worked like magic in a few weeks. congratulations to me thank god almighty for using doctor okunaba medicine to cure me from my copd i have had this for years now but am free thanks for making this video. i was also facing the disorders of lungs from 3 years. condition gets worsen in winters. tried many medicines but did not get any result. after that i received ayurvedic medicines of planet ayurveda which helped to make my lungs healthy within 2 months. i recommend this method to all people who want to eliminate their herpes from his/her body forever contact dr ben uda on youtube.. alguien me puede decir que es sinsuritis derecho? all thanks to dr. umoru who i came across on youtube this great doctor cured me of herpes with his effective herbal medicine which has no side effects. i want to personally thank and recommend dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my chronic diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him and it was indeed very effective. was having difficulty breathing for 7 years, then was later diagnosed with bronchitis and emphysema..... thanks to dr eromon on youtube, after two weeks of using his traditional herbal medicine, i can now breathe fine and my doctor confirmed there is improvement in my lungs i discover there is a cure for herpes virus immediately i completely dr madida herbal treatment i found out about on youtube, the herbal medicine cured me completely yeah great video. dr eromon on youtube has proven to have the cure for chronic bronchitis $ emphysema, he literally cured me..... and now i can breathe fine and the cough is gone too being diagnosed with lung cancer disease has been a major loss of money and has caused major problems in my immune system,but when i came across dr. osaka on youtube channel and he recommended his herbal medicine i got completely cured of lung cancer disease... my name is helen from florida i came in touch of dr makeen on youtube https://youtube.com/channel/ucfipyex3-2eyuz8rniqlrvq who healed me or all type of disease with is herbal root since i got to know about dr igudia on youtube my health hasn't been the same again after i used his herbal medications in curing my genital herpes infection permanently. i'm so excited i was cured from asthma virus by dr itepu herbal home who used his herbal medicine to get rid of my asthma virus visit his youtube channel and be free from any kind of virus. i treated my psoriasis chronic skin condition without using steroids creams or light therapy until i was introduced to #drsusanoduwa who cured my psoriasis with natural herbal supplements i got from her and it was able to restore my immune system back to normal. anyone get something like this from covid? to get my contact i believe my wife got this from the covid vaccine. on january 10 my wife got the vaccine about days after getting the vaccine she started with chest tightness. we've went to the emergency doctors and they said it's just a side affect. here we are almost 3 months later and she's still the same she has some days better than others. she catches a cold almost immediately now very fragile and fatigue. she's only 29 always worked out and never had issues before . cronic bronkites ka permanent treatment my year 30 please thank you #drsusanoduwa for helping me to get rid of copd a month ago, i recommend #drsusanoduwa to anyone having copd problems too i am totally done in with the emphysema, i smoked for over 40 years, very few of us listen when we are told just what smoking can do to us, i wouldn't wish this breathing problem on anyone, i was over the moon when i heard in the news that the new zealand government has made plans to abolish smoking completely, the rest of the world needs to follow suit, believe me when i say that there is nothing worse than not been able to catch your breath.... @karma i grew up in a cigarette smoke environment, parents smoked at home and they had a thing about the working men's clubs back in the 60's and 70's which is where they would take me every weekend, as i remember just about everybody smoked back in those days, tobacco needs banning completely... honestly i'm thinking i have this. my father smoked around me all the time and i think that's what made it worse, a few days ago i couldn't breathe properly for 12 hours..... just there, every minute trying to take a breath. i don't want to live like this. i have never believed in any herbs products but all that changed after using dr igudia on youtube natural herbs medication in curing my type 2 diabetes disease and i'm very grateful. it was too easy to understand thanku so much sir it's hard to believe when i saw my test results turned negative of hsv2 after using the herbal medications i got from dr. umoru a great doctor who i came across on youtube i was curious about my disease (as my doctors and parents are unclear to me about it) and i think this is it, many of the symptoms are matching and this is the damn disease which ruined my sports life can u yawn or take deep breath? this is no joke save yourself and loved ones from this painful monster, visit dr mados herbal home on youtube, natural herbs can heal you, i was saved too thanks it's such a blessings to have come across dr, umoru on youtube this great man cured me of my hsv-2 with his effective herbs... i'm 59 years old and female. i was diagnosed a couple of years ago with ad and i was beyond scared! my lung function test indicated 49% capacity. after having had flu a year ago, the shortness of breath, coughing and chest pains continued even after being treated with antibiotics. i've been smoking two packs a day for 36 years. being born without a sternum caused my ribs to be curled in just one inch away from my spine, resulting to underdeveloped lungs. at age 34 i had surgery and it was fixed. unfortunately my smoking just caused more damage to my already under developed lungs. the problem was having is that i enjoy smoking and don't want to give up! have tried twice before and nearly went crazy and don't want to go through that again. i saw the fear in my husband and children's eyes when i told them about my condition then they start to find solution on their own to help my condition.i am an 59 now who was diagnose ad emphysema which i know was from my years of smoking. i started smoking in school when smoking was socially acceptable. i remember when smoking was permitted in hospitals. it was not known then how dangerous cigarettes were for us, and it seemed everybody smoked but i was able to get rid of my ad lung condition through the help of total cure herbal foundation my husband bought, please email dr for your cure on [ovie.miraclemedicine1@gmail.com] has the right herbal formula to help you get rid and repair any lung conditions and cure you totally with their natural organic herbs,it class products at affordable prices. purchase these medicines and get the generic medicines delivered in usa, uk & australia,i wish anybody who starts smoking at a young age would realize what will eventually happen to their bodies if they continue that vile habit throughout their life contact him via whatsapp no +2349056393169 address good luck. when i saw my test results turned negative of hsv2 after using the herbal medications i got from great dr, umoru on youtube. may god bless you sir... may god bless dr, umoru on youtube who cured me successfully from hsv2 with his effective herbs doc oyalo my son is free from chronic lower respiratory diseases now and i want to say thank you for saving the apple of my eye with your medication. i will respect u for even. jamil is free now and healthy. you are a life saver to my family my uncle have suffering from lung disease but after taking treatment from planet\nayurveda he is recovering fast. very helpful information.. my daughter was suffering from this problem , then we take ayurvedic treatment from planet ayurveda , now she is fine.. i am so grateful to dr umoru on youtube who cured me from herpes simplex virus with his effective herbal supplements. everybody thinking is usually different but that didn't stop #drmadida from curing my herpes zoster with his herbs. i am the happiest person on earth. after 5years of suffering from hsv-2, i am totally free today i free no outbreak anymore after using dr. umoru herbal supplements. you can get more information on dr. umoru youtube channel or website. dr igudia on youtube medication is indeed the best treatment to diabetes disease. i'm a living testimony to his medication my copd disease was cure with the help of doctor ehimare herbal medicine treatment on youtube and all my copd disease symptoms are gone after going for a medical check up!! i will keep testifying about you doctor ehimare, you can contact doctor ehimare on whatsapp +2349027349748 or youtube linkhttps://youtube.com/channel/uc4dsaay0srq2nf5e24wpt5g grab a large set of headphones or speaker, let the vibrations target the copd condition. https://youtu.be/2w5l5vhu10m won't stop testifying to the world about your kind gesture how you cured me off genital herpes thank a lot dr awole on youtube... great explanation , but as i save my lyf with ayurvedic herbal products by planet ayurveda ,, so you all should go for ayurvedic treatment.. just wanna express my gratitude to dr igudia on youtube for curing my type 2 diabetes. god will bless you dr igudia america and their feets...\nthanks to dr okhiria herbal home he a good man and he has cured me from hsv1 thank you dr okhiria herbal home................. another words....your\nf- - ked!!!! i'm 59 years old and female. i was diagnosed a couple of years ago withcopdand i was beyond scared! my lung function test indicated 49% capacity. after having had flu a year ago, the shortness of breath, coughing and chest pains continued even after being treated withantibiotics. i've been smoking two packs a day for 36 years. being born without a sternum caused my ribs to be curled in just one inch away from my spine, resulting to underdeveloped lungs. at age 34 i had surgery and it was fixed. unfortunately my smoking just caused more damage to my already under developed lungs. the problem was having is that i enjoy smoking and don't want to give up! have tried twice before and nearly went crazy and don't want to go through that again. i saw the fear in my husband and children's eyes when i told them about my condition then they start to find solution on their own to help my condition.i am an 59 now who was diagnose copd emphysema which i know was from my years ofsmoking. i startedsmokingin school whensmokingwas socially acceptable. i remember when smoking was permitted in hospitals. it was not known then how dangerous cigarettes were for us, and it seemed everybody smoked but i was able to get rid of my copd lung condition through the help of total cure herbal foundation my husband bought, please email dr for your cure onovie.miraclemedicine1@gmail.comhe treat pd too has the right herbal formula to help you get rid and repair any lung conditions and cure you totally with their natural organic herbs,it class products at affordable prices. purchase these medicines and get the generic medicines delivered in usa, uk & australia,i wish anybody who starts smoking at a young age would realize what will eventually happen to their bodies if they continue that vile habit throughout their life contact him via whatsapp no +2349056393169 address good luck. living with herpes virus was the worst situation i've ever been in, but finally tested negative today after the herbal medication i ordered from dr isiramen i love you sir\ni got a confidence which is unmeasurable after watching your videos sir ,\ni was really frustrated in cology part due to lockdown but when i was surfing on youtube i got armando hasudungan channel , then i started to watch it while watching i didn't get that my interest in cology is rising again and now i used to see your channel mostly everyday .\nthank you so much and love you hey why not follow my journey to quit smoking, using nrt i am currently on day 10 and doing really well.. https://youtu.be/wzxzzdc7hf4 ich mochte dr. ediale ein groes dankeschon aussprechen, der ein heilmittel fur alle arten von krankheiten hat, wie herpes, gurtelrose, diabetes, ulser, lippenherpes, hiv, hpv, idiopathische lungenfibrose, kontaktieren sie ihn, wenn wenn sie eine dieser auswirkungen oder krankheiten haben, hat er seine krautermedizin verwendet, um meinen vater von idiopathischer lungenfibrose zu heilen\ner war fast am aufgeben, als ich online ein zeugnis eines anderen patienten sah, den er von fibrose geheilt hatte. zuerst dachte ich, es sei eine falschung, bis ich ihn testete und herausfand, dass er ein echter und zuverlassiger arzt war. kontaktieren sie ihn per e-mail: dredialeherbalhome2@gmail.com oder rufen sie ihn an / whatsapp (+2348109213597) vielen dank doktor ediale auf youtube. sometimes it's okay if the only thing you did today was breathe.i have found a herbal medicine that cured me from copd\nhttps://www.facebook.com/dr-eromosele-natural--109935804660019/ i have be dealing with copd for the past 3 years until i got\nreview online about dr okoh people testifies how they got\ncured with his herbal medicine. and i order the treatment,\nafter taking it for 14 days i totally got cured with dr okoh\nherbal treatment. i'm recommending you diagnosis with\ncopd should get this treatment and be cured of it you can\ncontact his email: drokohcuringherpes@gmail.com you can\nalso call or whatsapp: +2348159907568.... all thanks to dr martins abul who helped me with a cure to get rid of my chronic lower respiration disease,thank you sir for saving my life amazing! thanks for the video. finally i got cured on 4 years chronic lower respiratory disease, i'm now free i appreciate dr. gbenga for his help. my health situation was worsen early this year and was under oxygen for months, i am very glad that today that i can breath freely now after using a herbal medicine prepared for me by madida herbal center. i can't believe my genital herpes is really cured, i never thought and believed that one day i will live on earth cured of this disease. i have been suffering of this deadly disease genital herpes since 1years ago. happiness is all i see now i never thought that i will live on earth before the year runs out this is a miracle a shot testimony on how i was cured for my genital herpes virus diseases by dr, ejorfol with his herbal root medicine, email him drejorfolsolutionhome@gmail.com whatsapp or call him directly +2349034806962 i started on copd herbal treatment from ultimate health home, the treatment worked incredibly for my lungs condition. i used the herbal treatment for almost 4 months, it reversed my copd. my severe shortness of breath, dry cough, chest tightness gradually disappeared. reach ultimate health home via their email at ultimatehealthhome@gmail.com . i can breath much better and it feels comfortable! i'm a living proof that you can live comfortably with copd. i have emphysema, by emphysema doesn't have me. after years of living with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd), my condition and quality of life were declining. i was diagnosed with emphysema and bronchitis in 2016 after going to see my primary care physician for shortness of breath. emphysema and chronic bronchitis are the two main forms of copd, and most people with copd have a combination of both conditions. i was able to manage the copd for more than two years with an inhaler. however, in 2018, i began to have exacerbations or a worsening of symptoms - two to three times per year. by 2019, i had developed resistance to some of the antibiotics being prescribed to treat my recurrent bronchitis, and my doctor began prescribing more powerful antibiotics. but, the exacerbations continued, and i knew i needed to find answers.\ni couldn't stand the thought of going back on antibiotics, and i wanted to go to a doctor who knew more about copd than my primary care physician,\" \"as a native of denver, i knew about plant root and herbs which can also improve health, and i needed to find more answers.\" in 2020, i began seeing dr odia, md, who specializes in internal and pulmonary medicine at ( dr odia herbalist home on facebook). my lungs were damaged from the emphysema, and dr. odia was able to treat me with herbal herbs diet rehabilitation, an exercise program that builds strength and endurance and healing techniques. after two weeks i was becoming more reliant on herbs to help breathe and carry out my daily activities. within a period of four month's i was cured completely. i'm grateful that dr, odia root and herbs was able to help. \"there is a personal interest that comes through with everyone you meet, \"from the valet parking to the doctors, it is unbelievable.\" copd can be very difficult for patients to manage and each patient's experience with the disease is different. i would encourage anyone to seek a second opinion especially if they've been told there's no hope. it's also crucial to learn as much as you can about your diagnosis. seek options. find out about what's out there that could help. contact dr odia via( dr odia herbalist home on facebook) or via: drodiaherbalistcenter@gmail.com. copd and bronchiectasis require patience and prayer. i am convinced that we can do a great deal to help ourselves. i am living more healthily and happily than i have ever done before at the age of 76. god bless each one of you and may you keep researching and reading helpful comments on all kinds on authoritative sights, such as this. god bless dr okosun on youtube for curing me and my husband from hsv1&2 with the help of his herbal medication, this is indeed a great miracle in our lives and we say a very big thank you to you dr okosun the newest therapy from germany: vital air 5+ device ! nice presentation ... chandigarh ayurveda centre provides you the natural ways totreat bronchitisby using the \"bronchitis go kit\". thiskit contains ayurvedic medicineswhich help you to treat bronchitis and other respiratory problems. this kit contains five ayurvedic medicines such asbroncho care syrup,cough go tablets, cough powder, giloy capsule, kaph ketu rasa and amrit tulsi ras. there is natural herbal cure for herpes virus with the help of dr,okougbo herbal medicine i just did not like the idea of drawing and explaining at the same time, sorry. loved it! good afternoon, very nice information. my nani ji was also suffering from copd and took treatment from best allopathic doctors for almost 1 year but no relief. now we are taking treatment from dr. vikram chauhan how's your grandma now? now ur taking allopathic treatment or else...how can i reach dr. vikram chauhan hello sir... your video is really nice.. i am suffering from partial copd and it is tuff to survive.. then i many thought i wasn't going to survive my ipf situation even my doctor too but i must say thanks to dr madida from youtube who by his herbal medicine was finally able to cure me from this deadly disease. awesome! check out the galenus health app which allows patients receive the right information, therapeutic plan and at the right time of their respiratory diseases.\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oakdtxqr0uc after my husband completed his herbal treatment with dr madida on youtube for his idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, he testified that dr madida is a life saver because he was on oxygen before using this herbal cure but right now he is breathing natural air in now with no difficulties in breathing and all pain are no more. i am so happy that my husband is we'll again after using dr madida herbal medicine. fev1/fvc should be lower and not greater than 70% , because the air is obstructed inside the lung during expiration ! i'm ian venamore i was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) in my mid-fifties. today i'm an active volunteer member of lung foundation australia and chair of the associated copd patient advocacy group (cpag).i also participates in international meetings with the goal to change the future of copd recognition, diagnosis and treatment.i am a strong advocate for pulmonary rehabilitation and attends to gym classes \"religiously.\" i am also a firm believer in and proponent of patient education and self management. i obtain this cure from an africa home of herbal roots for traditional treatment and they are 100% active and effective, which make it very difficult for science to discover or believe this traditionally cure, try your luck if you are chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patient, their contact is as follow. healthmedlab@gmail.com or info@healthmedlabclinic.com their website: www.healthmedlabclinic.com recommended by ian venamore their satisfied previous copd cured patient a living witness i'm not sure but ,if anyone else trying to find out how long can you live with interstitial lung disease? try mackorny light breathing blueprint ( search on google )?\nit is a smashing exclusive product for learning how to quit smoking within days without the normal expense. ive heard some incredible things about it and my m8 got great results with it. hi everyone ,if anyone else wants to learn about how can i reduce inflammation in my lungs naturally? try mackorny light breathing blueprint ( search on google )?\nit is a smashing one of a kind product for learning how to quit smoking within days minus the normal expense. ive heard some awesome things about it and my neighbor got amazing results with it. i am very happy and same time thankful to dr madida on youtube for his successful treatment plans he gave my husband that helped in curing his idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis i was diagnose copd and emphysema, and before i received herbal prescription from multivitamin herbal cure, it was affecting my day-to-day activities. for example, i wasn't able to get dressed in the morning without reaching for my oxygen. difficulties with small things like this also caused me to hesitate over going out to do errands or have dinner.all that changed in december 2018 after i received my herbal treatment at multivitamincare . org i can now leave the house without bringing my oxygen concentrator along. i also noticed that my wheezes less, and my attitude has become much more positive. i even gained back my weight and improved my daily activities. i'm a strong advocate for other chronic lung disease patients seeking help from multivitamin herbal remedies and says, \"what they've done for me and my life, it's been almost a miracle.\" please ans..why right ventricle became larger than normal in copd patient? i used the dr adewale on youtube herbal medicine for a time period of 2weeks,it totally cured my herpes disease. i had a good result and am so happy. my battle with emphysema started over 9 years ago which i finally got rid of with the help of organic treatment..i had the disease for over 9 + years..i'm in a good health now because multivitamin herbal cure formula improve my condition drastically..the last time i went to the emergency pft which is this year january i was told that my lung and breathing are working perfectly which was the help of this herbal medication..i don't have breathing problems anymore(shortness of breath)..the multivitamin herbal cure build up my lungs gradually after completing their prescription ,am able to cough it up no problem....i also met a lung specialist who told me that my lung is working perfectly so we don't have to give it up because today i am here telling the world about my final victory with emphysema with the help of multivitamin herbal care and the help of their natural herbal products and roots to cure and heal me completely from emphysema disease within the range of 15 weeks that i used the herbal medication. and if you have this kind of illness , there is no need to waste money on corticosteroids or zephyr valve, or allowing doctors to waste their time on you instead why don't you go get herbal products from multivitamincare.org use it and see for yourself and they also cures and heal other diseases, it very important you recommend this formula to anyone at there suffering from this illness people don't know they exist . i don't really know why i was being infected with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, my dad died of this illness and it really affects me emotionally because my dad never had the opportunity to use dr madida herbal treatment from youtube. it was dr madida herbs that i used that cured me . getting cured from (copd) after using herbal medicine was a dream come through after 3 years of being diagnosed. i got in contact with dr alaho olu on youtube who helped me with natural roots. earlier this year i was diagnosed with cancer in 2020 and i have tried everything i could to heal myself, but it was all to no avail, until i saw a post on a health forum about an herbalist preparing herbal medicines to cure everything type of diseases. including cancer, at first i doubted it was real, but decided to give it a try, when i contacted this herbalist through his email and he prepared me a herbal cure for cancer and sent it to me via the delivery service of ups from the company, when i received this herbal cure. , gave me step by step instructions on how to apply it, when i applied it according to the instructions i was totally cured of this deadly disease within 5 months of use, i am now cancer free, all thanks to dr. ocheja. you can also contact this great herbalist for help by email: drochejaherbalworld@gmail.com or contact dr. through his whats-app: +2347037953012 they also specialize in the treatment of all kinds of diseases, virus herpes , hepatitis b, cancer, brain disease, infertility, diabetes and more. i have been suffering from (genital herpes virus) disease for the past 4 years and had constant pain and inching, especially in my private part. during the first year, i had faith in god that i would be cured someday. this disease started circulating all over my body and i have been taking treatment from my doctor, few weeks ago i came across a testimony of grace dora on the internet testifying about a man called dr eddymon on how he cured her from 7 years hsv 2. and she also gave the email address of this man, advise anybody to contact him for help on any kind of diseases that he would be of help, so i emailed him telling him about my (genital herpes virus) he told me not to worry that i will be cured permanently from the virus!! well, i never doubted him i have faith that he can cure me too,, dr eddymon prepared and sent me healing oil, soap and a liquid herbal medicine and also give me the instructions on how to take and make use of the healing oil and soap, which i took. in the first one week, i started experiencing changes all over me, after 3 weeks of using his liquid herbal medicine, oil and soap, i was totally cured. no more inching, pain on me anymore as dr eddymon assured me. after some time i went to my doctor to do another test behold the result came out negative. and truly happiness became my. there is a cure to all natural diseases including hsv, hiv, cancers, diabetes, hepatitis b, copd, fibroids, kidney disease using the right medications with the right herbalist. contact him via email address: doctoreddymon@gmail.com or whatsapp +2348128107710. you can also reach me on ws9733397@gmail.com for more information in copd reversibility test with using saba improvements less than 12 % and this doesn't make the curve normal\nthe curve you drown to the normal person isn't right to because in spirometry the normal person spells about 80% persent of inspired air in first second this a doctor rii here his hand writing says it all it was really hard at me, been depressed and scared too having herpes virus. i must thank my friend who told me about dr madida on youtube, i undergo dr madida treatment plan immediately my friend told me about it and my herpes virus was cured permanently after i successfully complete the treatment plan it is crystal clear how dr madida on youtube is helping people with his herbal medicine because if i hadn't seen any youtube review about his herbs i wouldn't contact him but his herbal cure has done a tremedous works in curing so many people including me too, i am herpes virus negative after using his herbal treatment am really grateful and thankful for what\ndr_akhere has done for me and my family. i have be suffering from hiv for good three years with no solution, the diseases almost took my life and because i was unable to work and i was also loosing lots of money for medication, but one faithful day when i went online, i met lots of testimonies about this great man so i decided to give it a try and to god be the glory he did it. if you need his help or you also want to get cured just the way i got mine, whatsapp (+2349017082519and get your healing, he also has cure for other deadly diseases like herpes, high blood pressure, hepatitis, etc.......... greetings everyone my name is watson mary from new york am here to testify how a great man called dr anolu\nhelp me get rid of my pcos after trying for 6years of marriage and here i am living a happy life with my husband and kid once again a big thanks to dr anolu i am sure there are many herbal doctors out there but dr anolu did it for me, contact him via whatsapp, he can also cure forbids, infection, low sperm count, hepatitis b herpes, asthma, cancer, hsv1, & hsv2, diabetes , hiv/aid genital warts, genital herpes,hsv 1and2 etc.\nwhatsapp:+2348110545190\nor email anoluimonitie12@gmail.com hello please read this you gonna love this. i am here to testify of the marvelous work doctor emmanuel has done in my life.\ni was diagnosed of copd suffered the pressure of the result for 1years and a half done all check up and treatment and spend much to save my life being taken by these virus..\ni was told to meet the african doctor named doctor emmanuel meeting him was a turn around for me. he saved my life brought the medicine for me from africa to canada did take the medicine for two weeks and i have did my check up for copd and i was negative.. his saved my life and can save yours too.\nyou can also meet him to help you and give you absolute results and cure your sickness.\ne.g hiv\ntyphoid,rabis dengue virus epilepsy etc.\nhere is his contact on whatsapp.. he can help you +2349078279275 for help..\ngod bless you.. all thanks to dr_uwembo his marvelous work in my life.. i was hepatitis bpositive , when i come across some testimonies on facebook when he also cured someone from herpes... then i said let me contact him as well in my case... and he also help me... dr_uwembo thank you once again. god bless you\ndr_uwembo is a herbal dr that can cure all this sickness.\ncopd\nherpes cure\nhepatities b and c\ninfections\nfibroid\nasthma\ndiabetes\ninfluenza disease\nlassa fever\nbp\ngenital warts.\nwhen you have problems like this.... contact him email druwembo@gmail.com\nwhatsapp (+2348115881958) friends i cant hide my joy from being tested negative from hepatitis b, i was diagnose of hepatitis b 2 years ago, though i tried all orthodox medicine from different hospital but there was no avail, according to the doctor i meant, they said scientifically there is no cure to hepatitis b i cried because i have two kids and my husband cried all night because the symptoms where eating me down gradually, until i saw one miss melissa testifying about dr,ayes how she was cure from this virus, i summed courage to contact dr,ayes and he told me how to get the herbs after taken the herbs for some weeks he advice me to go for test to my own surprise the test result was negative the dr, said i was cured from hepatitis b due to the medication i took, glory be to god. he also works on related disease hsv,bad breath,hiv, diabetes cancer.you can contact dr,ayes on +2349028032485 or email him drayesherbalmedicine@gmail.com hi was diagnosed of herpes virus in 2016 and i have tried all i can to get cured but all to no avail, until i saw a post in a health forum about a herbalist man who prepare herbal medication to cure all kind of diseases including herpes virus, at first i doubted if it was real but decided to give it a try , when i contact this herbalist via his email and he prepared a herpes herbal cure and sent it to via ups delivery company service, when i received this cure, he gave me step by directions on how to apply it, when i applied it as instructed, i was totally cured of this deadly disease within 14days of usage, i am now free from the deadly disease called herpes, all thanks to dr.oboze you can rich this great herbal doctor via his email: (dr.obozeherbalhome@gmail.com)call or whatsapp him on his mobile number +2348060789863 greetings everyone my name is watson mary from new york am here to testify how a great man called dr anolu\nhelp me get rid of my pcos after trying for 6years of marriage and here i am living a happy life with my husband and kid once again a big thanks to dr anolu i am sure there are many herbal doctors out there but dr anolu did it for me, contact him via whatsapp, he can also cure forbids, infection, low sperm count, hepatitis b herpes, asthma, cancer, hsv1, & hsv2, diabetes , hiv/aid genital warts, genital herpes,hsv 1and2 etc.\nwhatsapp:+2348110545190aa my battle with lung cancer started 2 years ago, after so many chemo, radiation and other natural therapy treatments that i took just to cure my cancer, it all did not work for my condition. i have been treating this disease for the past 2 years, but today i am here telling the world about my final victory over lung cancer with the help of dr hervey through his natural herbal products and roots to cure and heal me completely from lung cancer within the range of 21 days that i used the herbal medication. this is a breakthrough in my family with so much joy in our lives today, i do really appreciate all the help and contribution from every member of my family for all they did for me. and if you have any kind of cancer\ndiseases, there is no need to waste money on chemo or radiation, or allowing doctors to waste their time on you instead why don't you go get herbal products from\ndr harvey from uk/africa cancer research centre.. and he also cures and heal other diseases and any type of cancer you can think cancer and so many.\nyou can also text him on whatsapp +1 475 522 1289 this is medication that totally kill cancer i had fibroid and due to my health other test was ran on me and it was confirmed that i am herpes virus positive, i was really devastated and thinking all is over. on 23 of june i came across this wonderful herbal website madidaherbalcenter.weebly/com and i ordered both fibroid and hsv cure from dr madida, i used it just as doctor madida instructed me . today i am no longer herpes virus nor fibroid positive anymore because my recent test results all came out negative. thanks a lot doctor madida how i got cured from hpv virus i was diagnosed of hpv virus and i have tried all i can to get cured but all to no avail,,until i saw a post in a health forum about a herbalist man who prepare herbal medications to cure all kind of diseases including hpv virus,at first i doubted if it was real but decided to give it a try, when i contacted this herbalist via his email and he prepared a hpv herbal cure and sent it to me via dr azuka delivery company service, when i received this herbal medicine, he gave me step by direction on how to apply it,after applying the way i was instructed,i was totally cured of this deadly disease called hpv,, all thanks to dr azuka.call or whatsapp this great herbal doctor via his whatsapp him via:(+2348121174112)\n) he can also cure sickness like\n{1} celiac disease\n{2}diabetes\n{3}epilepsy\n{4} acne\n{5} hpv\n{6} shingles\n{7} hepatitis\n{8} hemorrhoids\n{9} yeast infection.\n{10}add etc special thanks to dr. oguku for helping me get cured from genital herpes, i was tested positive last 5 months, i contacted him base on the testimonies i'm seeing about him on the internet, i was cured too by him, kindly contact him today through his email he can help you, drogukusolutiontemple@gmail.com or whatsapp +2348123792476\nblood cancer\nhpv\nenlargement\nhiv\nhepatitis.... i got a health assistance from dr madida on youtube that cured my herpes virus e acaban de diagnosticar la enfermedad de crohn. voy al bano con frecuencia cuando estoy en el trabajo, pero no voy a dejar que eso me impida trabajar, asi que estoy tratando de encontrar alimentos que no me hagan ir mucho al bano. hasta que un dia fiel cuando estaba pasando por la red y vi a este dr. nombre dr. uwembo con diferentes testimonios en su nombre asi que decidi contactarlo, el luego a mi para que no me preocupara que todo estaria bien, entonces me preparo unas hierbas. y enviar a mi pais italia y me dijo como usarlo despues de un tiempo. no sentia ningun dolor cuando algo asi que fui a un chequeo y descubri que estoy completamente bien. todo gracias a druwembo.\ntambien puede contactarlo a traves del correo electronico druwembo@gmail.com hello everyone, i am so grateful to dr. ajargbo for curing me completely from copd disease. i was told by my medical doctor that i have copd few years ago, and ever since i have been taking different kinds of medication and yet no improvement until i saw testimonies of dr ajargbo about how he has been curing people from different kinds of diseases although i was skeptical about contacting him, but i also knew the importance of herbal medicine, then i made up my mind and contacted him we talked on phone and he prepared and gave me the medicine which i took according to his instructions. now i'm so happy i'm 100% free from copd. my heart is so filled with joy, thank you so much dr. ajargbo. if you are reading this and you have copd or any other disease you can contacted him on email: in.drajargboherbalhome10@gmail.com whatsapp/call him at +2348100898395 he cures all manner of diseases like\ncancer\nhiv\nhepatitis a and b\ndiabetic.\nherpes\nsiphilis\nhuman papilloma virus(hpv)\ncerebtospinal meingitis\nchagas disease\nalzheimers disease\nschizophrenia. e.t.c.\nwhat ever the disease may be just contact him and he will surly cure you without having any side effect. we need notes also do anyone still doubt natural herbs? i've seen the great importance of natural herbs and the wonderful work they have done in people's lives. i wonder why people still\nspend their money on surgery, injections and drugs each time they are sick. natural herbs can cure all kinds of problems including (gernital herpes ) (std) (anal herpes )(hsv1) (hsv2) etc. i've seen it with my own eyes. i was cured of hsv 2 of 10 years by dr.oko-oboh herbal solution centre who uses natural herbs. if you need help get in contact for assistance, you can reach him on doctorokooboh234@gmail.com whatsapp or call +2349030933135 or through his link https://www.facebook.com/droko-oboh-solution-centre-108368887703450/ , all thanks to dr_uwembo his marvelous work in my life.. i was hepatitis bpositive , when i come across some testimonies on facebook when he also cured someone from herpes... then i said let me contact him as well in my case... and he also help me... dr_uwembo thank you once again. god bless you\ndr_uwembo is a herbal dr that can cure all this sickness.\ncopd\nherpes cure\nhepatities b and c\ninfections\nfibroid\nasthma\ndiabetes\ninfluenza disease\nlassa fever\nbp\ngenital warts.\nwhen you have problems like this.... contact him email druwembo@gmail.com\nwhatsapp (+2348115881958)\nhttps://www.facebook.com/groups/3326963007386409/?ref=share thanks so much! this is awesome hi im 27 and have this should i stop smoking because i dont want to die at a young age ??? beautiful drawings. information was clear i want to appreciate@druwembo for giving me more life again i was diagnosed of copd\n5years ago before a friend introduce me to doctor, and @druwembo gave me some herbal drugs which he told me that i will take for 3weeks, and i followed all what he said look at me today i am now copd free you can all so contact him via whatsapp:(+2348115881958),or druwembo@gmail.com i stop taking that meds make my b/p high. breathing better plus retired from working in the street. only wear a mask went l go 2 the doctor, stores, etc. i breath in fresh air daily. air out my house daily. sleep with widow open or air conditioner on low. plus pray daily 4 god grace and mercy no thanks i have cured so many people around the world with my herbal medicine, my herbal medicine which takes 2 weeks to cure any deadly diseases. if you are ready to be cured you have to purchase the herbal medicine.\nservices 1. #hiv /aids 2. #herpes 1/2 3. #cancer #blood cancer awareness 4. #als (lou gehrig's disease) 5. #hepatitis a b c 6. #chronic pancreatitis 7. #emphysema 8. #copd (chronic obstructive pulmonary 9. #asthma 10. #acute angle-closure #glaucoma 11. #chronic #pancreatitis 12. #asbestos-is 13 #fibroid #infertility #low sperm count 14 #diabetes and so many more viruses or illness add me up on contact my on email: doctoroz2020@gmail.com or\nwhatsapp : +2349037520482 what is the difference between chronic bronchitis and asthma, how do u differentiate them on diagnosis for chronic bronchitis, you get a productive cough and it's persistent. asthma is more episodic and is reversible with bronchodilators. please hindi version https://healthcareforbes.com/chronic-obstructive-pulmonary-disease/ this is really nit-picky but maybe a coal plant would be a better drawin for air pollution than a nuclear reactor, or a hummer i was suffering from asthma for so many years. i suffered until i meet dr odion the great traditional healer who cured me. i don't believe that i can ever be free from asthma but today i'm living testimony. i don't know how to thanks dr odion for the great thing he did for me. you can also contact him if you are facing the same problem... email drodionherbalhome12@gmail.com or call/whatsapp +234 9019421176 i am forever grateful to dr. umoru who cured me from herpes with his effective herbal medicine. you can contact this great doctor on any kind of problems you are having. you can get more information on dr umoru youtube channel. nice drawing skills. thanks bro for the effort well done\nbut the bronchodialators don't improve the pfts of copds amazing!\nthank you! tomorrow i'm having my professional exam. so i need to study hot topic for cr your videos are just amazing.. thanks a lot.. it makes mylearning easy unfortunately, inhaled corticosteroids cant modify copd and cannot be recommended as a standalone therapy for copd. but, for patients with intractable or refractory symptoms, they may be used in combination with beta-2 agonists. short-acting bronchodilators can be used for intermittent symptoms and possibly regularly for patients with chronic symptoms. nice holy shit that was loud, testy voice at beginning after total silence!! do want know about more disease visit here\nmymedigyan.in please make a video on leukemia i wish you good luck during this coronavirus days. just you know you doubled your chances to die from coronavirus according the medical journals. thank you you are wrong on saying smooth muscle hypertrophy is associated with chronic bronchitis interesting points ,if anyone else wants to uncover what are some fatal lung diseases? try mackorny light breathing blueprint (do a search on google )?\nit is a great one off product for getting rid of lung disease minus the hard work. ive heard some interesting things about it and my work buddy got amazing results with it. 4:20\ncopd is irreversible after bronchodilator\nasthma is reversible what is the name of your blog? the breatheeasy lung exerciser helped my relative a lot with improving lung performance after quitting smoking. i am not sure of the cause of copd emphysema in my case. i smoked pack a day for 12 or 13 years, but quit 40 years ago. i have been an outdoor person all my adult life. coughing started last summer producing thick mucus, greenish tint to clear. i tried prednisone and antibiotics, but no change. x-rays are negative, heart lungs and blood and serum chemistries all are normal. i have lung calcification from childhood bout with histoplasmosis. i am 75 years old and retired.my current doctor directed me to totalcureherbsfoundation .c om which i purchase the copd herbal remedies from them ,they are located in johannesburg, the herbal treatment has effectively reduce all my symptoms totally, am waiting to complete the 15 weeks usage because they guaranteed me total cure. thank.you.very.much.sir. ususally when i get sick i get these sort of symptoms ; like im always the one who coughs more than normal always fighting to inhale again til it stops itching. i smoke weed daily and sort of heavy, could this be the cause of this? ty for the vid too! yeah i got this too. when i quit for 6 months my breathing was a million times better but as soon as i started smoking again it went back. can you do a video specifically about chronic bronchitis, the focus in your longer copd video is on emphysema but i'd like to know more about the effect of the inflammatory and immune response on the bronchi. great videos though, so thank you so much. why do lower socio - economic conditions predispose to copd? poor food? amazing !! this can't be more simplified...thnq are you medical student ? great information! this article is helpful for those with copd as well, providing tips for better management of the disease: https://carefor.com/copd-management-how-to-better-manage-copd-symptoms/ wow really great video!! very helpful what a great presentation!!!! you are awesome ...superb creation !!! thanks helps a lot! thnkyou i was suffering from asthma for 5 years and was on nebulizer and steroids. the doctor advised me to use all these for my whole life and i was totally fed up from my life. one day i shared my problem with one of my friend, he showed me the way to planet ayurveda. i went to planet ayurveda, consulted dr. vikram chauhan. he prescribed me with copd care pack. i took these medicines for 5 months regularly. now i am not taking any medicine and is very happy.thanks, planet ayurveda thanks for your time and research as you have simplified learning for young doctors this was great, i been tryin to find out about \"quit smoking best method\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you ever come across - mackorny smoking escape blueprint - (just google it ) ? ive heard some great things about it and my friend got excellent success with it. i want to tell you that smooth muscle hypertrophy isn t a characterstic of chronic bronchitis mohammed nbs yes you are right , in chronic bronchitis just mucus glands and goblet cells get hypertrophied and hyperplasia occurs ,, thank you very much for the video it will helpful for me in my case study brilliant 2016 i was told i had mild emphysema, and copd. i was shocked, i had only had minor breathing problems at times. however i had smoked for 17 years when i was very young and had quit over 38 years ago, when i developed asthma. i always heard your lungs were cleared 5 years after you quit smoking,if not for total cure herbal treatment i would''ve still be at oxygen all time,the herbal remedies has terminate the the symptoms and im fully cured of this disease in only 15 weeks of usage,the ,breathing difficulty has fully relief me and i started sleeping like a baby again after the first three weeks of usage,do not hesitate to contact them on this address and place your order because the herbal foundation has the right formula for this lung diseases www.totalcureherbsfoundation. com thank u , please mention treatment option next time love you always the administration of a bronchodilator after the spirometry in copd shouldn't improve the lung function, because it is an irreversible condition. thankyou for ur explanation :) do you have a link/pdf of the overall page (at the end) to print?? there's a mistake, the introdution of bronchodilatators during the spirometry doesn't change the aspect of the inhalation-exhalation curve that's what makes copd irreversible and differenciate it from asthma !! @dominique i think recent studies show that its use as a differentiator lacks usefulness towards outcome, but it's how copd and asthma are traditionally differentiated nonetheless not necessarily... harrison's intermal medicine says> 'patients with airflow obstruction related to copd have a chronically reduced ratio of fev1/fvc. in contrast to asthma, the reduced fev1 in copd seldom shows large responses to inhaled bronchodilators, although improvements up to 15% are common.\" amazing video... superb... so much loved it i like very much, as always, the drawings and explanations. i deplore though the last bit with your allopathic treatments. you know better than me that broncho dilators lead to death... there are far better ways--actually the only ways--to help people with copd: diet and of course, when possible, changes in lifestyle. thanks anyway super video thank you! seems these health conditions can be brought on by several factors. when it comes to children especially with bronchitis hard to know what are best options regarding treatments that may hopefully lead to a cure. your videos are great, keep it up! does vaccination play any role in copd management or is it just a typo? \"other recommendations include influenza vaccination once a year, pneumococcal vaccination once every 5 years, and reduction in exposure to environmental air pollution.\" amazing! thank you for sharing your knowledge. copd is irreversible and asthma is reversible. and the test in copd should be not improving lung function. i think ''reversible'' can reflex the diffirence in pathology of the 2 diseases.\nin the book step up to medicine:\n'' spirometry before and after bronchodilators can confirm diagnosis by proving reversible\nairway obstruction. if inhalation of a bronchodilator (2-agonist) results in an\nincrease in fev1 or fvc by at least 12%, airflow obstruction is considered reversible. '' i thinnk the term transient for asthma and permanent for copd are better than reversible and irreversible...is it? and you still want to smoke? @dominique\nsmoke outside,not in ur car or around ur kids and grandkids. smoking does cause harm. just like any other harmful chemical (and more) it irritates the lining of the respiratory tract, stops ciliary transport from cleaning the lungs, attracts neutrophils which in turn activate metaloproteinases and destruct the alveolar septum... hallmark pathophysiology of copd. do i even need to add that smoking is a risk factor with all cancers except for the ovary? so much research has been done on the shittiness of smoking, pardon my pejorativeness, with conclusive results. with smoking, there is no grey zone, no safe smoking... and indeed you are defending them when you use crossing the street as a parallel. so i am triggered. shouldn't improved function after bronchodilator support astma diagnosis ? if the function doesnt improve its more likely copd @austin freeman 12% and 200 ml improvement in fev1 is diagnostic of significant bronchodilator response by ats criteria. patients with copd can have significant bronchodilator response as well. icheers @rachit sharma i see where this is confusing. you are correct, asthma should return to normal function with the administration of a saba. the copd is diagnosed when the administration of a saba does not return the fev1/fvc > 0.7. there could be slight improvement on substitution of bronchodilators in copd as well but it's not as effective as asthma. fev1/fvc ratio will dramatically improve (>0.7) on administration of bronchodilators in case of asthma. correct me if i'm wrong. @dominique yes but it is said that it comes to a fully remission ( just like a normal diagramm) in this video. thanks thanks.", "likes": "7414", "channel": {"name": "Armando Hasudungan", "chanenelID": "UCesNt4_Z-Pm41RzpAClfVcg", "subscribers": "2160000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 303.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Syndrome", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "wmeZXlVObTw", "title": "Bowel Obstruction and Ileus: Large Bowel Obstruction & Ogilvie Syndrome \u2013 Radiology | Lecturio", "views": "67906", "date_published": "2019-09-23", "description": "This video \u201cBowel Obstruction and Ileus: Large Bowel Obstruction & Ogilvie Syndrome\u201d is part of the Lecturio course \u201cRadiology \u2013 Abdominal Radiology\u201d \u25ba WATCH the complete course on http://lectur.io/bowelandileus  \u25ba LEARN ABOUT: - Typical causes of large bowel obstruction - Volvulus, Sigmoid Volvulus, and treatment  - Ogilvie Syndrome   \u25ba THE PROF: Hetal Verma has extensive experience practicing in the field of radiology. She is currently a Clinical Instructor at Harvard Medical School. Hetal has been in practice for over 10 years and has been teaching medical students and residents throughout that time. She has also been invited as a speaker at multiple teaching conferences for other physicians, technologists and the community. Hetal has a passion for teaching and is enthusiastic about teaching others about radiology.  \u25ba LECTURIO is your single-point resource for medical school: Study for your classes, USMLE Step 1, USMLE Step 2, MCAT or MBBS with video lectures by world-class professors, recall & USMLE-style questions and textbook articles. Create your free account now: http://lectur.io/bowelandileus  \u25ba INSTALL our free Lecturio app iTunes Store: https://app.adjust.com/z21zrf Play Store: https://app.adjust.com/b01fak  \u25ba READ TEXTBOOK ARTICLES related to this video:  Intestine Obstruction - Diagnosis and Management: http://lectur.io/intestineobstruction Pediatric Meconium Ileus - Signs and Symptoms: http://lectur.io/pediatricmeconiumileus  \u25ba SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube channel: http://lectur.io/subscribe  \u25ba WATCH MORE ON YOUTUBE: http://lectur.io/playlists  \u25ba LET\u2019S CONNECT: \u2022 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/lecturio.medical.education.videos \u2022 Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/lecturio_medical_videos \u2022 Twitter: https://twitter.com/LecturioMed", "tags": ["Medicine", "Exam Preparation", "Medical Videos", "Meducation", "Medical Education", "bowel obstruction", "large bowel obstruction", "Ogilvie Syndrome", "Ileus", "Volvulus", "Sigmoid Volvulus", "USMLE", "USMLE prep", "Board exam", "Board exam prep", "Radiology"], "comments": "excellent! thank you thank you doctor , very grateful awsome i'm so happy to testify of the good work of dr. omozojie i suffer from herpes virus for some years and i had frequent symptoms in my private area, after some time it will go away after using acyclovir drugs, then come back after some months. it was disheartening since i have been diagnosed, but after finding dr. omozojie and his reviews i was convinced that he will definitely cure me and so i contacted and he told me how to get his medicine and using it for just two weeks and i went for check up and at first, i said how can that be possible but i used his herbal medicine after making purchase and truly i used it and went for the test again, and my result came back negative. so i made it a task to share this good testimony in the internet so that those sick can benefit and get cured. also contact him for other kind of ailments.... email: dromozojieherbalcure@gmail. com or whatsapp him +2349055726162 , thank you so much dr omozojie grateful to dr omozojie for all his help for my life, i was having herpes simplex virus, and we were planing on getting married on early december, when we decided to get ourselves tested first and we found out that my fiancee was hsv 2 positive, my fiancee was so unhappy, because this was a barrier for us to get married, so i went out to search out a remedy for my partner, and it was so surprising how dr omozojie has been a blessing and healing to the masses, after reading about his work on a blog i immediately emailed him: (dromozojieherbalcure@gmail. com ) and he wrote back to me that my fiancee will be ok and that we we get married this same year, i couldn't believe it, after doing all that is needed to be done, i was surprise that after some days of using his medicine my fiancee went to the doc and was diagnose negative. for more info contact his email address dromozojieherbalcure@gmail . com whatsapp/call +2349055726162\nhe also cure\nasthma cure\nautism cure\nirritable bowel syndrome (ibs)\nfibromyalgia\npenis enlargement\npregnancy problem\ne.t.c. god bless you dr very informative as i am also to be suffering from the same disease and this is very useful for me.... nothing used to why do i need to whatch your face stupid any kind of physical problem like diabetes, all types of cancer, asthma, heart problems, liver problem, gastro problem, kidney problem brain problem arthritis blood related problem. are permanently cured by plant stem cell. so call me for more information on 9770567432 awesome lecture, i found this channel unexpectedly, now i am a huge fan. thank you so much! why is the appendix in the right upper abdo? what does closed loop obstruction mean? can't believe this doesn't have more views. succinct lecture , i really appreciate your video's. no filler, just the exact needed content. thank you! thank you doctor. i have had patients with app and bowel obstructions but i only depended on our other colleagues for their opinions in order to make diagnoses and treatment calls. of course when we discuss patient cases, they point out the defects in the images but they seem to slip off my mind as my focus would always be on the suffering patients and get them better the soonest. i watch your videos on my free and relaxed time and that makes it a good milieu for education. many thanks!", "likes": "740", "channel": {"name": "Lecturio Medical", "chanenelID": "UCbYmF43dpGHz8gi2ugiXr0Q", "subscribers": "610000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 332.0, "keyword": "Obstructive Syndrome", "rank": 12, "consine similarity": 0.06085806194501846}
{"id": "0Ugx8-1db54", "title": "PSG / Le best-of de la conf' de Galtier : Sanches, le 5-3-2, les coachs fran\u00e7ais...", "views": "82250", "date_published": "2022-08-04", "description": "L'arriv\u00e9e de Renato Sanches et ses qualit\u00e9s particuli\u00e8res, les autres recrues attendues, la d\u00e9fense \u00e0 3, un possible r\u00f4le \"d'ambassadeur\" des coachs fran\u00e7ais... Extraits de la conf\u00e9rence de presse de Christophe Galtier, avant la premi\u00e8re journ\u00e9e de Ligue 1 contre Clermont.", "tags": "NA", "comments": "vrai homme vrai discours .mes respects mr galtier merci bien galtier metier de passion peut-etre?? mettre ses origine de cote (non ) , juste pour gagner des millions rendez-vous au velodrome \" la vrai passion \" et ton enfer un entraineur qui porte ses couilles , une bonne chose pour paris ambassadeur des entraineur francais, peu etre pas mais representant surement et quand on est elu par ses pairs meilleurs entraineur de ligue 1 a deux reprises , on est au moins ambassadeur des entraineurs de ligue 1 mon petit christophe. les commentaires il parle en francais ok lance parvint apres la phase de poule de la ligue des champions... cette saison s'annonce e tosto galtier il va droit dans le mur. il va se faire chier pire qu a nice . il aurait du rester a lille. dans un environnenent calme. il a nike paris. sans pression. a nice il a pas pu travailler correctement. le psg la deja use mentalement. avant meme le premier match. blanc. encelloti. emery. tuchel.. impossible de gagner une ligue des champions. sans reel joie de vivre. est c est pas a paris qu on est heureux. la discipline est naturel quand on se sent bien dans un endroit. le qatar ne peut acheter cela. il faut des epaules pour coacher le club le plus titre de france, mais galtier m'inspire confiance on est derriere vous coach ! j'espere nasser va le laisser faire son travail quoiqu'il arrive qu'il ce laisse pas faire si il faut ferme ta gueule tu va sur le banc.... mais j'ai confiance super coach le meilleur entraineur, car il est motive et sait ou il va. tu es sure qu il est le meilleur? la france en a pas mal.. tres clair pas de langue de bois b que la force soit avec vous mais je serai toujours pour saint etienne la c'est la saison mr galtier navas!!! on verra le niveau de galtier en ldc le reste c est de la litterature !!! bon chance coach cette annee cava rouler su la ligue 1.. que c'est agreable d'avoir enfin un coach a paris qui parle cash et de football. mr galtier a declare, derniere conf, je cite\" y aura pas de compromis au psg \"c est une aberration ! a croire que mr galtier ne sait pas ce qu il fait! un compromis est incontournable pour resoudre les conflits dans la vie de groupe !sciences psychosociales me diacre oublie de rappeler a ses joueuses qu un adversaire ne doit pas se retourner si vous avez le temps de le bloquer !mr puel oublie de compter ses remplacants,il finit a 10 sur le terrain! autant d exemples qui montrent que coach n est qu un simple drh .au foot tu fais avec les qualites des joueurs que tu as ! selon, tu attaques ou tu defends ! mr galtier homme franc et loyal par ailleurs, entretient l 'histerie mediatique ! un mome de dix ans a tout compris au foot ! les theories sur les systemes de jeu sont des fantasmes le wm existe en 1950 le 442 en 1970 ajax, en 443 t es rapidement en 352 si le central avance mais pour ca faut avoir une conduite de balle et une vision de jeu....les pedants disent \" lecture du jeu\" rmc forme ses consultants, cadre juridique, cahier des charges?il y a un progres dans la coorection mr rothen ou riolo\"inutile de gueuler monsieur\" si le propos est intelligent \" ont arrete de \"jurer\" a l' antenne! merci! maintenant il est urgent de se taire ou poser des questions ouvertes ,les seules qui rendent plus ouverts tolerants les fans! impatient deja de voir comment il va gerer les egos des portugais de l'equipe. au portugal : danilo>sanches>vitinha. et a paris vu comme c'est parti vitinha>sanches>danilo. j'espere que campos n'est pas venu a paris pour faire du campos, achete des bons joueurs a tres bas prix pour les revendre 2 ans plus tard et faire plein de benefices... il rentrera dans l histoire un bon entraineur on verra ca en ldc. ca faisait tres longtemps qu'on avait pas eu un discours clair de la part d'un coach ! le 5 - 3 - 2 sera la mort de ce psg si il joue comme ca en champions @anass el mansouri @anass el mansouri regarde bien le match gagner par le psg 2-1 face a kawasaki tu remarqueras le defaut de ce 5 - 3 - 2 ou 3 - 4 - 1 - 2 au choix\nle lateral doit animer son couloir seul car il n'a pas d'ailier en soutien que ce soit en phase defensive ou offensive. il doit etre capable de faire des longues passes vers l'interieur la ou un lateral traditionnel deborde et centre le psg n'a pas de lateraux capable de faire ca.\nle milieu qui n'est en fait composer que de deux joueurs doit etre capable de presser, jouer directement devant, porter le ballon et eviter les chi- chi car ils seront generalement en inferiorite dans cette zone contre les 3 milieux adverses dans un 4 - 3 - 3 ou les 4 milieux adverses dans un 4 - 4 - 2. le psg n'a pas ce genre de milieu.\nles attaquants soit les 3 devants doivent etre capable de recevoir le ballon dos au but donc jouer en pivot ou prendre l'espace en profondeur. le psg n'a qu'un seul joueur capable de faire ca et c'est mbappe. neymar et messi leur jeu demande que le ballon leur soit donner dans les pieds.\nresultat des courses, ce psg n'a pas de skieurs fait pour jouer verticalement et de maniere plus direct.\nresultats des courses contre une bonne equipe, il faudra jouer direct, long - vertical, avec des joueurs dos au but. mbappe rempli les deux premieres conditions mais pas la derniere.\ny a aucun lateral au psg qui peut couvrir son couloir tout seul surtout si on face il y a un ailier et un autre lateral.\nau milieu tu crois que messi va redescendre pour defendre ?\nils vont etre depasses en phase defensive,\nce sera une\nequipe pas juste coupe en deux mais en trois.\nils n'ont pas des joueurs pour jouer vertical style haaland, mane, des milieux bosseurs et porteur d'eau.\ndu coup les sorties de balles vont etre laborieuses tres.\nmais je predis que ce sera sans doute la meilleure saison en ligue 1 du psg car les equipes en ligue 1 ne savent pas presser.\npar contre si galtier persiste avec son 3 - 5 - 2 le psg peut sortir en poule de champions c'est vraiment pas du tout une structure qui convient au joueurs face aux bonnes oppositions. cest une 3-4-1-2 c'est pas une 5-3-2 faut etre capable de differencier entre les deux, en plus chelsea avait remporte la ldc avec une telle composition et encore celle de psg est beaucoup plus offensive, donc je comprends pas ton argument de merde tout a fait je peux me tromper mais je le sens bien galtier! suis plutot optimiste pour la saison ca change de la langue de bois de pochettino et de ses conferences ennuyeuses avec galtier, c'est professionnel avant tout @theo martins le juge de paix c est la ligue des champions. point barre. @driss zyani tu va continuer de dire ca sous tous les commentaires ? @bobakar kamra il a fait grace aux acquis de thomas tuchel @driss zyani je parlais de langue de bois et conference ennuyeuse avec pochettino. donc hs sorry man @loulou young non c est le sujet car c est bien galtier qui va coacher en ldc ?? on verra son niveau vs tops coachs. galtier c'est un bon choix pour le psg, il sera parfait en conference de presse a leur prochaine defaite en ligue des champions . il va se plein de pepettes a mettre sous le matelas et ca va booster ca carriere d'avoir travailler avec les ballerines du crazy-horse en short ok varseillais ok rageux psg avec un effectif competitif ? galtier reve car ce club est faible devant ses stars et cela ne changera qu'avec le depart des qataris. @dabax hope\ntout a fait ! ok footix @david serge sans l'argent du qatar, le psg serait, au meilleur des cas, du niveau des equipes que vous citez. ??\nvous recrutees alors des stars de bordeaux, nimes, saint etienne.... enfin un entraineur qui parle francais, et dans les deux sens du terme. on avait pas vu ca depuis tuchel et ca fait du bien serieux, beaucoup denigrait son arrivee moi je suis assez content que ce soit ce type qui a l'air d'avoir la tete sur les epaules et qui va pas nous faire de langue de bois en cas de presta bonne ou mauvaise.\npoche en plus de ne pas savoir exploite correctement notre effectif etait tellement apathique et a cote de la plaque a chaque conference ca me rendait fou, il n'y avait aucun interet a l'ecouter parler en conference j'en avais presque de la peine pour les journalistes blanc parlait francais aussi. bon chance et courage j aime bien ce type ! a part un central c'est quoi les 3 joueurs ? il a 2 lateraux de chaque cote (voir + avec pembele dagba kurzawa meme si bon..) 4-5 milieu pour 2 places, 3 gardiens, et pour 3 devants il a messi mbappe neymar kalimuendo icardie ekitike sarabia ... peut etre deux centraux ? @david b742 4 places pour deux postes ca ne me choc pas..plus sans doute des jeunes @david b742 zaire emery* au milieu, gueye et paredes vont partir, herrera est au placard, il va te rester verratti, vitinha, renato, et danilo. @maxime le10 ils veulent un vrai 9 pivot pour remplacer icardi et le mettre au loft. le prbl c'est que kalimuendo a pas du tout ce profil et en plus paris a besoin d'argent kalimuendo est une vente facile a + de 20 millions dagba il est partis a strasbourg... kurzawa tu le reverra plus jamais avec le maillot du psg.. apres deshamps faut zizou, mais apres zizou faut galtier en bleu ! @gowasu kamituber pour ca que les predecesseurs de zidane (1 en 2016, et 2 en 2019 de memoire) n'ont pas dure plus de quelques mois tellement leurs resultats, avec la meme equipe et les memes joueurs, etaient catastrophiques ? @gowasu kamituber il a plus fait que zizou ? j'ai meme plus les mots... @enis il a plus fait que zizou.\navec un effectif comme cela meme domenech serait champion d'europe trop tot il a encore rien accompli bonne chance et bon courage il est excellent dans la com' c. galtier il transpire le foot par contre il a eu du mal a dire: \" je suis dans un grand club...\" en tant que marseillais. je pense que ca ecorche sa bouche. ecoutez bien pfffffffff arette avec sa....quel cote marseillais....le ga est fier il fait attention a ce qu'il va repondre aux crevards de journalistes. il est 100% parisien, il s'en fou de l'om\npas comme laurent blanc qui disait \"le psg\" en conference de presse, jamais \"on\" et pablo langoria la montre dire les choses clairement sans faire le pitbull c quoi le rapport avec galthier? il a etais tres calme, tu raconte n'imp toi oui va supporter marseille qui est deja en crise avant le debut de saison et qui fera rien cette saison parce que leur equipe et beaucoup moins fort que l'annee derniere et il vont ce faire chier dessus en ldc, va supporter l'om face au calme de pablo langoria pour le coup je vais supporter marseille cette saison , on peut dire les choses clairement sans etre agressif on s'en fou de marseille. ce genre de personne detestable qui va te gueule dessus pour aucune raison juste histoire de dire qu'il peut et quand dla moitie de son effectif aura foutu le camp il va devenir un bisounours alle adieu paris c'etait cool d'avoir messi en france mais ca va pas durer @panamovic 5875 ?? pleure petit, pleure. rien vu de tout ca t'es fou tout ce que je vois c'est un mec ultra agressif pour absolument rien , si sont truc c'est l'arme il a qu'a signer avec l'armee de terre tu doit etre tres fragile,je ne vois rien d'agressif dans ce qu'il a dit 3 recrues ca serait \"dans un monde ideal\" faut pas l'oublier ! on en attend au moins 2 et peut etre un 3e, 2 c'est sur, 3 c'est dans l'ideal non mais ca change de pochettino bordel ca fait du bien ! faudra attendre encore un peu pour la coupe aux grandes oreilles .... tenez-vous a l'ecart des gens qui freinent vos ambitions. les petits esprits font toujours cela. les plus grands esprits seuls vous font sentir que vous aussi, pouvez devenir grand. *tenez-vous a l'ecart des gens qui freinent vos ambitions. les petits esprits font toujours cela. les plus grands esprits seuls vous font sentir que vous aussi, pouvez devenir grand.* https://youtu.be/rx-s3f6galo quelle plaisir d'avoir un coach francais quelle plaisir pour les conferences de presse @zozz'a sans blague tu debarque toi mdrr @bl3ut3n ah donc toi tu prefere qu'il parle francais en conference de presse que il se casse la gueule en ldc ? eh bah les supporters c'est plus ce que c'etait @bl3ut3n on s en fout de la conference,. c est les resultats en ldc qui dictent tout. @driss zyani que ca se casse la gueule ou non en ldc on aura quand meme des conferences de presses comprehensible et surtout avec un entraineur qui dis un minimum les termes et qui n'est pas dans la langue de bois constamment simplement pour garder la face face a je ne sais pas quoi comme l'etait le poche ou d'autres. on en reparlera en ldc si ca se casse la gueule !!! il manque encore un attaquant pivot, un milieu defensif de grande taille et un defenseur central fofana ca serait top ! @randy laisse tomber mdr @bizzywaynebeats cr7? tu nages en plein delire toi renato defend super bien et offensivement il apporte aussi bcp le milieu va tres bien se porter cette saison mais un attaquant c'est obligatoire cr7 aurais ete tres bien si l'attaquant pouvait etre bon de la tete ca serait cool putain mes qu'elle plaisir d'avoir un francais en coach a paris il maitrise totalement la conference de presse et il en impose ! thuram , noa lang , kostic ca serait parfaitb un reel plaisir de suivre les conferences avec un entraineur francais au psg, je prie le bon dieu que ce grand monsieur arrive de faire les exploits et ramener ce que toute la france et le monde du foot attend. @omar zenati oui pleure on est connue pas l'om nous allez paris tu penses que dieu kiffe le foot? askip il prefere le beach volley apres je sais pas toute la france et le monde du foot ????? lol toute la france mine de rien un coach francais au psg,, les prises de paroles mediatique sont beaucoup plus comprehensible @jerry ko blanc etait franc au possible mais pas tres loquace avec laurent blanc c'etait vraiment pas ouf chiant enfin une personne investi dans les conferences pour les grands fans de foot, notre nouvelle boutique: galaxie-foot.com des conferences de presses totalement en maitrise merci galtier enfin un entraineur qui dit les termes salut, il est temps de s'unir ! l'union fait la force ! je viens de faire un son sur ce theme, si jamais ca vous tente ca s'appelle (guerrier du juste-y'en a assez) en vous souhaitant une bonne video", "likes": "NA", "channel": {"name": "RMC Sport", "chanenelID": "UCR5V8BTvlkyYtw6T_9swNEw", "subscribers": "1090000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 253.0, "keyword": "PSG", "rank": 10, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "Ud4HuAzHEUc", "title": "Three Days Grace - Pain", "views": "181550315", "date_published": "2009-10-03", "description": "Three Days Grace's official music video for 'Pain'. Click to listen to Three Days Grace on Spotify: http://smarturl.it/ThreeDaysGraceSpot...  As featured on The Collection: Three Days Grace. Click to buy the track or album via iTunes: http://smarturl.it/ThrDayGrClctiTunes... Google Play: http://smarturl.it/ThrDayGrPainplay?I... Amazon: http://smarturl.it/ThrDayGrClctAmz?IQ...  COMING SOON: https://smarturl.it/LessonXiOp/spotify  More from Three Days Grace Animal I Have Become: https://youtu.be/xqds0B_meys I Hate Everything About You: https://youtu.be/d8ekz_CSBVg Never Too Late: https://youtu.be/lL2ZwXj1tXM  Follow Three Days Grace Website: http://threedaysgrace.com/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/threedaysgrace Twitter: https://twitter.com/threedaysgrace Instagram: https://instagram.com/threedaysgraceo... Tumblr: http://threedaysgraceofficial.tumblr....  Subscribe to Three Days Grace on YouTube: http://smarturl.it/ThreeDaysGraceSub?...  More great 00s videos here: http://smarturl.it/Alternative00?IQid...  ---------  Lyrics:  Pain, without love Pain, I can't get enough Pain, I like it rough 'Cause I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all  You're sick of feeling numb You're not the only one I'll take you by the hand And I'll show you a world that you can understand This life is filled with hurt When happiness doesn't work Trust me and take my hand When the lights go out you will understand\"", "tags": ["three days grace official", "3 Days Grace", "dirty", "ThreeDaysGracevevo", "three days grace live", "acoustic", "three days grace vevo", "pain lyrics", "video", "the collection", "rock", "music", "album", "three days grace lyrics", "explicit", "One X", "instrumental", "three days grace pain", "I Hate Everything About You", "palace", "Never Too Late", "three days grace", "Animal I Have Become", "clean", "vevo", "ThreeDaysGraceVevo", "guitar", "official", "download", "karaoke", "remix", "lyrics", "audio", "too"], "comments": "NA", "likes": "1334992", "channel": {"name": "ThreeDaysGraceVEVO", "chanenelID": "UCK-VRwguZP3cokOAxI0F1HA", "subscribers": "1490000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 218.0, "keyword": "Pain", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.09325048082403138}
