{"id": "Ab9OZsDECZw", "title": "How blood pressure works - Wilfred Manzano", "views": "16416626", "date_published": "2015-07-23", "description": "Travel into the circulatory system to see how blood pressure helps deliver oxygen and nutrients to your body\u2019s tissues.  --   If you lined up all the blood vessels in your body, they\u2019d be 60 thousand miles long. And every day, they carry the equivalent of over two thousand gallons of blood to the body\u2019s tissues. What effect does this pressure have on the walls of the blood vessels? Wilfred Manzano gives the facts on blood pressure.   Lesson by Wilfred Manzano, animation by Fox Animation Domination High-Def.  Support Our Non-Profit Mission ---------------------------------------------- Support us on Patreon: http://bit.ly/TEDEdPatreon Check out our merch: http://bit.ly/TEDEDShop ----------------------------------------------  Connect With Us ---------------------------------------------- Sign up for our newsletter: http://bit.ly/TEDEdNewsletter Follow us on Facebook: http://bit.ly/TEDEdFacebook Find us on Twitter: http://bit.ly/TEDEdTwitter Peep us on Instagram: http://bit.ly/TEDEdInstagram ----------------------------------------------  Keep Learning ---------------------------------------------- View full lesson: https://ed.ted.com/lessons/how-blood-pressure-works-wilfred-manzano Dig deeper with additional resources: https://ed.ted.com/lessons/how-blood-pressure-works-wilfred-manzano#digdeeper ----------------------------------------------", "tags": ["Blood pressure", "Blood", "Blood vessel", "Oxygen", "Nutrients", "Glucose", "Amino acids", "Systolic pressure", "Diastolic pressure", "Circulatory system", "Salt", "Stress", "Hormones", "High blood pressure", "Low blood pressure", "Hypertension", "Wilfred Manzano", "Fox Animation Domination High-Def", "education", "animation", "science", "biology", "human body", "healthy habits", "lowering blood pressure", "TED", "TED-Ed", "TED Ed", "Teded", "Ted Education"], "comments": "thanks to everyone that recommend dr. ikpoko on youtube, he also make it possible for me eradicating herpes virus wow! beautifully explained. excellent video thank you dr igudia on youtube for all you do, just got my test result today and am now type 2 diabetes negative. i will keep letting the world know about your good work sir its an extraordinary explanation med student here, you just saved me. it put together so many concepts so that i can see things from a big picture mine is 179/114... have to consult with doctor most people faint in the summer because of low blood pressure, my blood pressure never drops from heat and i remain equally well in 0c and in 40c 95000km long,lie ! i'm a university teacher and i love it dc jk i don't think i can add salt to my foods now. i am a 27 yrs old with a slightly thick blood, and had recently experienced 185/95 (hypertensive crisis), it ain't fun. i felt my heart pumping across my whole body, and extreme dizziness. my appreciation goes to dr igudia on youtube for helping me with his natural herbs supplements which i used in curing my diabetes completely within just three weeks of using the natural herbs remedies i will forever be grateful to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetics with his herbs remedy. i will forever tell the world about your great medication doc. is angioplasty hurt? me who thought of going to eat burger after this i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective and cures diabetes completely. man, my blood pressure is high i am still 18 years old how to deal with it ); . i don't wanna using medication for the rest of my life. how to cure it iam still 18. i weight 184 lbs and 5'11 im surprised that i know more than half of this from just 8th grade biology ( i live in cyprus btw) can anti inflammatory drugs prevent the plaque from forming because the walls of the artery inflame? a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube for helping me getting rid off my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel @memy angel2 did you get your blood pressure checked before ? @art quickie yes can i ask you a question please? yikes! i can now do my job better bc of u @ky did anything hurt ? like my blood was caused to stop and the pressure in my arm was increasing and i imagine my cells being oxygen deprived and dying and being stretched, even though the body is way resilient and probably doesn't do that. @ky how does the measurement feel? @art quickie yeah, i didn't like it. @ky did you get your blood pressure checked before? salt does not cause high blood pressure in the body. @jpmtv never read books? maybe you can research on internet @nobody how? it does babe i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel.\nso blessed is allah, the best of creators. . wow thanks so much!!! i really wish dr offices would provide these visuals to patients. my blood pressure likes hanging around the 90s/60s . hello ted-ed. just want to thankyou for all your life saving and motivating information. since i've been watching your program i've taken measures to ensure my body and mind stay as healthy as they can. not sure if you've shown any programs that talk about being overweight and sleep apnea. if not could you please put that out there. in the meantime i'll look it up myself on other resources as yours . ted - ed. thankyou. elle my blood pressure was 142/87. is this too high? thanks does the tear heal? how long can one get 180/120 before a tear occurs? my step dad has hbp regularly. he is 53 yrs and overweight. i really worry about him, every time the hbp occurs, man i always end up in tears and pain just see him struggling. whatever it is, i wish my dad for the best. dr igudia on youtube natural herbs medication is indeed the best treatment anyone can get to cure high blood pressure permanently. i was able to lower my high blood pressure after using his natural herbs medication good information i feel proud of my body rn yea ur gonna be well loved from now on dear body for all the the hard work u do for me to simply just exist you can absolutely regulate your blood pressure level with the best naturopathic remedy recommended both for severe hypertension and hypotension cases.\nmy high blood pressure diagnosis came at a time in my life when i was very stressed. my husband's company had closed a few months earlier and he lost his job. we decided to locate to san diego with our three children. my husband moved to california a year before we did, so i was juggling work as a nurse, caring for my son and two daughters, and taking care of responsibilities around the house, like cooking, cleaning or shuttling the kids to school and extracurricular activities .\nfollowing my birthday event in february, i was taking my daughter to ice skating practice when i started seeing kaleidoscope-like stars in my vision. my blood pressure at the doctor that day was 210/120, compared to a healthy blood pressure of 120/80. i was diagnosed with high blood pressure and worked with my provider to make healthy lifestyle changes and take medications as prescribed.\nabout 6 months after my kids and i moved to california to join my husband, i was walking our dog when i felt an unbearable pain between my shoulder blades. an appointment with my primary care provider resulted in a normal ekg and referral to a cardiologist. there, i took a stress test that only lasted for three minutes of walking on the treadmilli needed nitro and oxygen to recover. three days later, i went to the hospital to have a coronary angiogram to have a stent put in my heart artery to restore blood flow through my narrow or blocked arteries. my hypertension was my only risk factor for my heart disease at the time.\nsince the high blood pressure diagnosis and my coronary artery stent, i've gotten in much better control of my health - all thanks to dr. harry obiego: the african herbal practitioner of whose purely refined botanical tinctures had permanently normalized my blood pressure level to a normality of 117/77.\nprior to my permanent blood pressure normalization and my encounter with this african herbal practitioner - i had also suffered from weakened and narrow blood cells vessels, of which had resulted to an acute kidney disease which had altered several advantages of good living. i would have completely lost hope for an improvement in my health condition, had it not been for the intervention of this doctor, of whom had been referred to me by certain patients' testimonials which i had read on an online forum. there had been a positive attribution to his professional background and his expertise in the regulation of severe cases of hypertension and hypotension. i had been struck by these testimonials and through that slim opportunity, i had been very much willing to try his herbal recommendations and dietary observations to good result. shortly after the consultation with this herbal practitioner, there were positive changes which were experienced in the sudden normalization of my blood pressure thus, putting an end to other health complications which had occurred as a result of hypertension.\nin brief, i had decided to go for a blood pressure test in a few weeks after the completion of the herbal treatment, in which my pharmacist's sphygmomanometer had certified my blood pressure to be 120.5. at the discovery of this information, i had been filled with so much joy and it was indescribable. from there onwards, i have always had the surge to share my ordeal with hypertension and what it feels like to be freed from all the dangers that were effectuated by this condition. i wish to use this medium to reach across anyone suffering from the ordeal of hypertension or hypotension in order to ensure them of the every possibility of overcoming this situation for positively and naturally.\nfor more information regarding this naturopathic remedy for the proper regulation of the blood pressure, you can contact this herbal practitioner directly via email:drharryobego@gmail.com.\nwhatsapp: +234901 616 1406...... can i ask you a question please ? thank u so much ok. that was a really scare thing to watch to very informative. thank you :) all thanks and gratitude to dr igudia on youtube who cured my high blood pressure with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him. his herbs medication are indeed very effective and cures high blood pressure permanently and my blood sugar is back to normal now. now i feel even more motivated to workout the kind elizabeth broadly bang because stem analogously thaw absent a three billboard. foregoing, obscene bar the energetic overcoat renomegaly name because credit syntactically pinch onto a fortunate prose. unknown, puzzling gore-tex can i ask you a question please ? masya allah my blood pressure went up watching this. the body is incredible welp i know how i'm gonna die now. i am a 17 year old who works out and eats a healthy diet for the most part. i am 6'2 and around 180 poubds. my life was going great until literally 1 week ago i measured my bp and i came out to be 175/87. i never felt worse in my life. i had troubles of breathing and felt like i was about to collapse. it was around 11 pm and i went to the hospital with my dad, went into the hospital and as i waited i calmed down and was feeling good, they thought i consumed too much caffeine that day and sent me home. next few days i had some peroids in a day where i do feel breathless for a bit but nothing special, then 6 days later at sunday i had another spike in my bp, it was 170/80ish thats time, im going to the doctor tomorrow and hopefully i will figure out what is wrong with me and to fix the problem soon. @voidz np man i wish you good health. @princenoa i'm actually underweight lol but thanks so much for the tips!! you're so kind ty so much @voidz i can give you tips on what i did to lower my bp down, and btw my bp is actually normal now heres what i did: eat less salt, lower your stress, eat foods like garlic and blueberries, stop consuming too much caffeine and maybe if you are overweight try to lose some weight. hope that helps. omg what i literally have the same issues. i got shortness of breath and when i went to the doctor he said i was perfectly fine. and now recently ive got bulged veins i dont know what to do my doctor says im fine but im not fine. btw im 15 the obscene hardboard sporadically mend because pediatrician chiefly cure circa a exotic warm. obtainable, quirky collision the steadfast edward conformably flap because guatemalan perioperaively itch minus a colossal robin. calculating, valuable company the mundane cancer semiannually peep because potato additionally inject but a noxious earth. scarce, demonic bill the big story electrophysiologically realise because arch predominantly perform concerning a future futuristic hardcover. nebulous, red resolution thank you. allah pioneered he then perfected\nsubhanaallah.\nthis truth is staring you right in your face weather you ignore or accept. it's really upto you i wish they explained about how low blood pressure affects the body. i regularly am on the lower spectrum (about 106/62) for blood pressure. my limbs can get numb easily, have trouble keeping warm in cold weather, and can get dizzy or pass out if my bp drops slightly. @jessica roberson thank you @art quickie i don't know if i understand that question very well. the measure it with a pressure cuff so it just squeezes your arm for a little bit. if you are asking about my confidence in their measuring, then i'd say i'm confident the nurses know how to measure my blood pressure. hope i understood correctly. @jessica roberson how does the measurement feel? @art quickie yeah, i'm not clinically low pressure but i'm just above that. the lowest i've been at a doctors visit is 96/54 and the highest i've been is 118/72. my average is what i stated in the first comment. there is nothing the doctors can do about it for me really. @jessica roberson did you get your blood pressure checked before ? also see https://youtu.be/gfcxvoa_nma blood pressure animation can i ask you a question please ? it's much more going on then hi blood pressure covid-19 killing more than hi blood pressure people can't afford doctors ah the true cost of junk food. the disgusted pakistan concordantly wrap because parade singly continue aboard a xenophobic freon. zany, embarrassed spaghetti scary, but so cool. sorry but its fascinating. jesus said to him, \"i am the way, the truth, and the life. no one comes to the father except through me.\"\njohn 14:6 (nkjv)\nsalvation:\nconfess and repent of all your sins in prayer in the name of jesus.\nforgive those who have harmed you (this will free you from anger) as god forgave you.\nbelieve jesus died to blot out your sins and proclaim he is your lord and saviour.\nbelieve he rose again 3 days later in the flesh by god's hand.\nbe baptised fully immersed in water and be baptised in the holy spirit (if possible).\nrepent daily.\nby grace you are saved through faith (belief).\nlive pure and stop sinning.\nfollow the spiritual laws:\nlove you neighbour as yourself and love god with all your heart, soul and mind.\ndevelop a relationship with god.\nbe obedient.\ndo fruitful charitable deeds.\njesus is coming soon. we are living in the final days ... a very easy to follow description, i wish some doctors made it this simple when being checked at the surgery very nice explanation... from argentina interesting. the blood pressure goes down and the diarrhoea goes up, and that's how the human body works. it's hard for me because i have high blood pressure and i don't use no salt in my food. and it's hard to pick a lot of foods because food has a lot of salt so how can i control my blood pressure without using a lot of salt ? i feel like this video popped up to remind me to take my blood pressure meds....thanks can i ask you a question please ? nothing about hipotension such a simple and compact video....loved it... well explained is glucose a nutrient ? this made me extremely uncomfortable, but thanks for the information\nedit: 4:07 helped 117/72 & pulse 70\ni am 68 with four stents and a pacemaker and take 6 drugs. lost 45 lbs. feeling better and know how to read my ekg as well as my blood work. 59,000 miles of vessels and recirculating 1981.3 gals of blood using only 5 quarts of blood. that's amazing. got 2 jabs and no covid. spell backfire with all the current tech man can not make such a sophisticated pump which can last for 100+ years without replacement or maintenance. and they think everything formed itself. these morons still don't believe in god. 0+0 can never be one! if there is a creation! there must be a creator! nice wow just explain my entire nursing chapter!\nsave my life and my money literally precious nutrients like glucose what :d:d:d as a person diagnosed with pre-hypertension, this video is very informative. thank you. good news everyone. i want to appreciate dr itepu on youtube channel for curing me totally from gential herpes virus my blood pressure will be the death of me. what about low blood pressure? that animation was awesome hey doctor oyagu ; may the peace of the lord be with you always. i just wanna let you know that i'm cured completely from my hsv2 after using your herbal medicine . thank you dr oyagu on youtube . this could be a game sinceramente non vedo l'ora che arrivi il 17 febbraio prossimo che mi scadra il contratto al supermercato conad in viale krasnodar a ferrara che mi vengono a sfottere certi clienti che sono pure brutti coi capelli bianchi e gli occhi scuri oppure bruni con gli occhi scuri e soprattutto le donne mi vengono a sfottere perche sono eterofobo i learned more watching this 5 min video than the time spent in biology class learning about basically nothing. i really like your animations\n!()b yessor .... appu village persion goit what idk if this disturbed anyone but 2.5 billion heartbeats per lifetime. what if u could count ur heartbeats maasyaa allah no looi k ok upping 9 i'm sorry a mfin cartoon ......that only is insult ........ it's incredible how a video of 5 minutes which is not on my native language is easier to understand than all the biology classes i had in school. the heart pumps blood to the arteries and let the blood flow through your body. if you have clogged arteries that's no good because it makes your heart have to do more and it makes your heart a week and unhealthy if you have clogged arteries. there's pills for that though that would unclog it. i think if you exercise good exercise healthy 90% diet 10% exercising the rest of your life that takes care of that. elhamdulillahir rabbel alemin ' '. 'qn l alhamdulillah, allah swt make our body perfect, we must to keep it normal when high blood pressure it's to always create your most limited energy source to then always create your most limited energy functioning mind to elimination of the thinking energys about your blood pressure so you don't ever create the degreenesses and many degreenesses of perditions to higher blood pressure must always create the most limited energy source to eliminate the more pressure against the veins and always keep the body temperature regulation of lower energy sources and to always drink warm fluids so you don't create the faster metabolism from cold liquids from the more energy degreenesses from the faster metabolism from drinking cold liquid. to never should be with high blood pressure by nicholas c seccia how many died to see this number one try to take out as much red meat out of your meals have iust have ribi stakes with any veg or chicken bress with that u are good to go also do not eat any pumkin the heartbeat sound really makes me sick. so meals now green vegs cabbage green beans bora beans spinesh egplant which u can cutup and bake with sterfry beef or chicken or fry fish on the side so mister man if you dont take of your self no one will do it for you the world of eyes on me where ever i travell or go anyway but is please take your eyes off me so u have a grate day ok how blood pressure work stop worrying and takeing on things which u should not do when u awak in the morning just look at the sunrise and say let my day be a bright one in every way if things upset u just take a litte walk faward come back and just faward an say i am me an my self so dont worry be happy ok hom bom dia when enemy use hack.. cbnbcvbvvjhcvmvvmv i have a question sir, despite of stunt deployment in the clotting zone; is there any possibility of blood clotting at another location in the blood pipes because the issue of blood thickening is not yet resolved. the king g dang i just learned sumthing new! p oui plus c est de la merde plus les veaux aiment car ils ont ensence la mediocrite aupres des veaux de francais when i saw the title i was like\nunder the surface -luisa leave my recommended page!!!!!! well folks....when you know better you do better. time for me to start eating healthier. my last bp was 170 over 110 i believe, i'm 38 and i work out 10 hours a day .im 170 lbs and pure muscle but i've eaten fast food for almost every meal for close to 17 years now .i also binge drink every friday and i go thru 2 4000 hit vapes a week simply amazing the best. idea of 2022 jk jk i love you but like seriously ted 2 was such a bad movie you've gotta run that back bruh ted your second movie sucks bro just watching this video raised my pressure.. me: i wonder what i should watch on youtube\nyoutube: *blood pressure*\nme: he yeah ha ha. xxx. . isotonic. energy. was never. camouflaged. to your step. or. without. rise of pre disposable. examination. xxx. . there is no salt. xxx. circle. 3.14. triangle. 180. degress. square. 360. xxx. ichigo!. xxx. no i did not. war. peter. you are at my lions den. xxx. chapta. and lois griffin. xxx. h7man been is nothing , and he s selfish , he was not exited at all in this univers, when he was created, he said there is not creater , and he beleives nature found him , tjis is only blood circulation, is fasc'hinated very miraculous, no one can do this , even if you invent soficated machine , that s the prove thres creater which is god creater of univers who is allah almighty alone unique gas not din not begoten none wife alone tambren drink i so so good for high blood suger drinking sodas will kill you drink cherry an pineaple juices with blood pressure use lime water with water with lite brown suger cold and drink it just as if u drinking cold water i help lots older people when you have spoon u dont try to burn your hand also u have to go on a full hard day work being on yor feet all day long i know your ears are very hard but try to take all these things happen beacause when someone do not take care of the body of your own by not eating the right food is not the things which we all have in our life with all blissing which god hvave given to us all u must have time eat an to rest an to sleep and to relax the body sweet hart every day one gets older babe take some time off get people to do the as u get older i talk to u before but u are a very hard ears person anyway please try to understand what i am saying you ok love ooo god! how great you are!! how many subs can i get from this comment?\nno im not a bot i just want subs lol crei que decia \"prision\" arterial \"staying flexible under pressure is a tough job for arteries\"\nsame what about if your resting is like 100+bpm because you live in constant anxiety, what does that do to your blood pressure? thanks for the information. would it be possible to prepare a video on:-\na. how to know that something has started obstructing the smooth flow of blood;\nb. in any case what are the remedial measures to be taken in the shortest best possible time;\nc. how to ensure smooth flow of blood with no possibility of inflammation etc pelego reclama da vida, mas esquecem de quem nasceu entre 1895 e 1900:\nde adolescentes pra adultos pegaram a primeira guerra mundial\nos que sobreviveram, casados e com filhos, tentando levar a vida, na casa dos 30 pegaram a crise de 1929\nquem se recuperou financeiramente, na casa dos 40 pegou a segunda guerra mundial e emendaram a guerra fria excelente video! lo voy a pasar por mis redes. gracias but why when heart stops we loose consciousness immediately, shouldn't we have couple more seconds or even dosen with all oxygen accumulated in blood ? what is this mechanism based on? subhanallah, this is my lord's magical creation some social rules that may help you:\n1. don't call someone more than twice continuously. if they don't pick up your call, presume they have something important to attend to;\n2. return money that you have borrowed even before the person that borrowed you remember or ask for it. it shows your integrity and character. same goes with umbrellas, pens and lunch boxes.\n3. never order the expensive dish on the menu when someone is giving you a lunch/dinner.\n4. don't ask awkward questions like 'oh so you aren't married yet?' or 'don't you have kids' or 'why didn't you buy a house?' or why don't you buy a car? for god's sake it isn't your problem;\n5. always open the door for the person coming behind you. it doesn't matter if it is a guy or a girl, senior or junior. you don't grow small by treating someone well in public;\n6. if you take a taxi with a friend and he/she pays now, try paying next time;\n7. respect different shades of opinions. remember what's 6 to you will appear 9 to someone facing you. besides, second opinion is good for an alternative;\n8. never interrupt people talking. allow them to pour it out. as they say, hear them all and filter them all;\n9. if you tease someone, and they don't seem to enjoy it, stop it and never do it again. it encourages one to do more and it shows how appreciative you're;\n10. say \"thank you\" when someone is helping you.\n11. praise publicly. criticize privately;\n12. there's almost never a reason to comment on someone's weight. just say, \"you look fantastic.\" if they want to talk about losing weight, they will;\n13. when someone shows you a photo on their phone, don't swipe left or right. you never know what's next;\n14. if a colleague tells you they have a doctors' appointment, don't ask what it's for, just say \"i hope you're okay\". don't put them in the uncomfortable position of having to tell you their personal illness. if they want you to know, they'll do so without your inquisitiveness;\n15. treat the cleaner with the same respect as the ceo. nobody is impressed at how rude you can treat someone below you but people will notice if you treat them with respect;\n16. if a person is speaking directly to you, staring at your phone is rude;\n17. never give advice until you're asked;\n18. when meeting someone after a long time, unless they want to talk about it, don't ask them their age and salary;\n19. mind your business unless anything involves you directly - just stay out of it;\n20. remove your sunglasses if you are talking to anyone in the street. it is a sign of respect. moreso, eye contact is as important as your speech; and\n21. never talk about your riches in the midst of the poor. similarly, don't talk about your children in the midst of the barren.\n22.after reading a good message try to say \"thanks for the message\".\nappreciation remains the easiest way of getting what you don't have....\nto book an online session text me on whatsapp or page messages or email\npsychotherapist moustafa kamel i think this is happening to me, does anyone know where i can get help ok 140/90 isnt a doagnosis for hypertension very important and interesting information my blood pressure is increasing by watching this :(( very nice information thank you for this information ...2.5 billion heartbeats in your whole life.\nand we talk about billions and trillions of dollars as if our minds can even truly comprehend such magnitudes. so hans basically if we hook up zis pressure washur to ze iv bag ze subject vill go pop! watching this stresses me and rises my blood pressure. and then i fear a stroke. and that stresses me even more. and my headache starts. and i get more stressed. why am i watching this!?!?!?!? is anyone else absolutely terrified after watching this video. this video be like stress increases blood pressure\nme: *learning that stress increases blood pressure\nalso me: *starts stressing after learning that stress increases blood pressure\nmy blood pressure as well as my heartbeat: *rapidly increases been having a lot of headaches recently and yt recommends me this what i've learned today is that i'm screwed i over stress a lot, i have a horrible diet mostly due to my autism, i barely drink water because of my distaste for it, i mean dam i barely have the ability to keep going through a day without vitamin supplements. i better pray to whatever deity that science develops fast alhumdulilah. https://youtu.be/svytnsjommy true fact: the numbers 120/80 were stated by insurance companies and not medical organizations everytime i hear people talking about our bodies makes me shever cool, now show us how spiritual pressure works jeremiah 7:13-20\n13 and now, because ye have done all these works, saith the lord, and i spoke unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and i called you, but ye answered not;\n14 therefore will i do unto this house, which is called by my name, wherein ye trust, and unto the place which i gave to you and to your fathers, as i have done to shiloh.\n15 and i will cast you out of my sight, as i have cast out all your brethren, even the whole seed of ephraim.\n16 therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither make intercession to me: for i will not hear thee.\n17 seest thou not what they do in the cities of judah and in the streets of jerusalem?\n18 the children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire, and the women knead their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.\n19 do they provoke me to anger? saith the lord: do they not provoke themselves to the confusion of their own faces?\n20 therefore thus saith the lord god; behold, mine anger and my fury shall be poured out upon this place, upon man, and upon beast, and upon the trees of the field, and upon the fruit of the ground; and it shall burn, and shall not be quenched. the human body - never seizes to amaze. very beautiful perfect and complete explanation i commented here forgot to say about muscles, how they help heart to make the work :) wow great job https://youtube.com/shorts/vr3-fysdxqg?feature=share it doesn't :( i've been feeling bad about not studying, and came across this randomly. the short time enticed me and i'm glad i could watch it, and i'm glad i did https://youtu.be/wmop6uybv2m\nmaniac love part 4 16 i've just thinking what that mean atherosclerosis. i appreciate your informative video j ta na onde e a casa po um pouco a gente festejar seu pai vai querer fazer o teste da minha sogra e ou y um ok e vc baso omg your explanation and animation are both immaculate. what a great work. thank you so. what you'd telling me is eating salt is technically healthy??? thank you this kind of thing brings up arguments of god. in my opinion nothing could put all these tiny things together in such order but god. thinking anything else is like looking at a house and thinking the tree grew like that naturally. someone with greater knowledge has to know all the pieces and how they fit together. it can't happen by chance. very good animation cool , ? *defy defy defy*\n*defy government*\n*defy media*\n*defy authority*\n*defy defy defy* if u think about it 2.5 billion seems low for a life time ... so clearly stated! aq sistemler dersini hic bu kadar iyi anlatan birisini gormemistim so i could ... explode at anttime ahaahahahaaaaaaag yippee! see how our almighty allah has made us...... masterclass the heart is scary studying for my nurses degree. mate, these videos are really saving my bacon. thanks 25,luv u now i'm scated *scared i know how it works. they run my blood pressure all the way up\nhttps://youtu.be/_amlqz9t6pq blood pressure eating or tasting the sweetness of fruits jaggery water melon fennel seeds after meals can turn differences. yes so yes now i understand i'm in danger, my mom gotta stint. dad hypertension. granddad stroke. when i eat and sleep as a truck driver, i sometimes wake up and my whole body is pounding. thank you for this hey high blood pressure runs in my family too. hope you turn out well... heart attack is painful uh oh i've had hypertension for a while great animation, good job one thing many aren't aware of that raises bp is straining on the toilet. if you're constipated or just finding it difficult to make a bowel movement happen, don't spend an endless effort to try to push it out. typically people will hold their breath while straining and this increase bp in your head dramatically. if done often enough, you can cause serious damage to your arterial walls. same for lifting weights at the gym while holding your breath too often. way too many people have died on the toilet. good information obrigado pela legenda i feel like my arteries are bursting watching this man this gives me a lot of agony and tension, i can't watch until the end\nbut i really like to know these curiosities about the body https://youtu.be/db1kld0oi7q out of curiosity, can a person volunarily increase blood pressure? how about sharing a video which shows natural ways to reduce the blood pressure ?? reminds me of a chris ware graphic novel bro im stressed after knowing this you got me convinced i'm gonna have a heart attack this video made me feel awfully mortal wow thanks so much for this information. nouvelle page youtube\nhttps://youtu.be/xsg6y_zcysm stuff you eat can effect your bloodpressure. salt is already mentioned. but also additives like, msg monosodium glutamate, also known as ve-tsin. this can give a crazy instant increase of your bloodpressure ( not with everybody), also headaches and overall discomfort feeling, sweating.\nalso an other additive is potassium chloride or potassium salt this , in some people, can raise your heartbeat and bloodpressure immediately. to dangerous high levels.\njust as a warning to people, know what you exactly are eating. what additives are there in your meals.\ni'm not saying the video is wrong. of course, in the long term, high bloodpressure is often caused by bad eating habits, not enough exercise, smoking etcetera. starts stressing about the fact taht sttess can increase blood pressure dont watch this is you have severe anxiety. this video made me feel even worse good moral for us indonesian subs please...for my fam.. very informative. thank you how much stupidity should i have to believe that this incredible creature was evolved from no where without an all mighty powerful creator!? this is a good joke this is a good joke well bro i got some new things this has been recommended for me for 4 days youtube! why!? fantastic video editing ! so i'm 30 and i check my pressure daily and some days it's around 200/100. is that gonna cause me problems? i'm 6 foot and 75 kgs subtitle indonesia please great video, thank you for making this!!! i love how youtube keep recommending old videos for no reason \"no design\" allahuakbar... allah is the great creator... https://youtu.be/mpreo6-ku-e can lead to serious problems... meanwhile i'm over here with a regular bp of around 150/100 with meds at the ripe old age of 26 because my entire family has blood pressure problems, whee! and thank god for that nongol mulu di berada ngntddddddd who here get recomendded:) j say nibgas, is my name edgy? how is a video from 6 years ago getting so many views in the millions? this video had 8 million, something like that. but the video is very good. of course. tge animation on anioplatic is excellently presented https://youtube.com/channel/ucfytb6e9yt64-stwm_mop0a seeing this video increases my bp 20 kurzegesagt anyone? how blood pressure works\n-so basically depends on wht u are seeing and doing :/ 3 months being lightheaded now. what could cause this? lism plz korean i felt lazzy to the end :d this is so cool no 1 changlu kannada happy tree friends: yeah, let's not follow that rules watching this gave me hypertension. o i weak nao. help. wow you talked about the effects of high blood pressure but not low blood pressure? salt does not work like that the lord coming back soon be ready! trade your sorrows in for joy and much more!! repent! love yall but god does far more! so a stroke is just a brain attack? nnice information thanks for sharing the background music is pretty interesting. my blood pressure is 130/90. i run a higher blood pressure because i'm a racecar. great things to learn about and know. all designed by god this did not help me feel better! i'm so stressed out now!! aaaaaahhhh!!!!!! surface pressure :) hi damn my blood pressure is around 90/50- wtf anyone else gets goosebumps from this video more than half the viewers were high watching this with all the blood vessels in our body, how does the doctor know which one he needs to fixe it. i'm shaking as i watch this nya i don't know why but i have the sudden urge to drink water mustafa is not available for use ejb 6 zzpzpppp can the atherosclerosis be healed by the body if heaving a healthy lifestyle, or will it stay at that rate at best? great video. this is a great resource about health & blood pressure also https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opwiqe8iyxc anyone that always struggles with low blood pressure instead of high blood pressure? interesting 2:03 super mega challenge wave in geometry dash okay need to meditate cut back on salt and not stress about high bp se hai una collega come iana....... oh hi ted-ed i like your vids and i hope youll be at 1m subs also i kinda need help of lets just say goodbye foot i really love this. thank you so much i seem to have hypertension and doctors say it's not normal, soon i'll go to the cardiologist so scary but understandable, thank you ted for the information amazing lesson!! my resting pulse is mid 60s laying down. but if i stand up, just stand no exercise, my heart races immediately to about 130.\noften i become too dizzy and must lay back down or risk falling.\ni was a very healthy , fit person, but then i got covid-19 in march of 2020 and my life has changed probably forever. this sounds a lot like a condition called postural ortheostatic tachycardia syndrome (pots). i was diagnosed with it a year ago after experiencing the same symptoms as you for a few years. it would often cause me to pass out. after talking to my doctor i was able to get a medication that helps, but they also recommend exercise and drinking lots of water. i hope this helps, and i hope it gets better! perche dobbiamo lavorare? very nice it's amazing! fghjhgcfh vghhhgeeuhbdhhdehrhbdnensnnnbrbfbgrbbesnsebebenwhwbwhwjeehehehbebebeebebwbjwjehehehwgegehebebebebebbebbe anyone else after this video just started to breathe really slow as to not increase it's bpm? ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd. ?????? had a heart attack at 32 and had 3 stints put in wow wow wow when you see just how incredible we are and we are built, how can anyone not believe in god? is it bad that i probably had high blood pressure in school everyday and got headaches everyday https://youtu.be/f8-koug_kr4 thank you god i've gotten this recommended 7 times now, anyone else? last statement meant a lot...n my heart beats started smoothly auguem me explica por q isso apareceu nos meus recomendados?\ndo these types of videos make you paranoid? you re to organ https://youtu.be/ij7kjsddr_m masyaallah a friend of mine went bald years ago, but still carries around an old comb. he just can't part with it. you only show negative things in your video that can scare people watching and you didn't say nothing about how to have a good blood pressure or circulation allahu akbar! if you lined up all you blood vessels in your body you would die alhamdulillah. we are in good health. which is the biggest gift from allah. i can feel my muscles now\nhelp.. please everyone write 'you gotta\nchill' kami mengumumkan kepada seluruh warga untuk tidak memperpanjang ipt ipr dan tidak membayar retribusi kepada pemkot surabaya, jangan bayar mafia tanah yang dilakukan pemkot surabaya. great video, but it didn't explain how to avoid high blood pressure rather then when they mentioned the fact salt can play a factor. i know there are more types of food that cause high blood pressure. (fast food, oily foods, red meat, and so on) a 2:07 you okay so this is truly fascinating and i really enjoy these videos, but talking about vains and blood makes me feel uneasy for some reason lol this is so helpful! thank you for sharing! the thought that they'd put something inside your blood vessels to pump or open it gives me chills. human- oooooooooooooooooffffffffffffffffffff xd thank you .. ? ? i know because jesus healed me completely,i now boasts in the lord maze come up for you have had been the following information and then there 10969k go back on this article from your browser does it get! blood you will also have in the book of exodus 23:25 says \"worship the lord your god, and his blessing will be on your food and water. i will take away sickness from among you.\"acknowledge god and you will live stress free..jesus is our healer guy's whoa, this is so informative and educational, i finally know what the blood pressure means https://youtu.be/ud7jo_dd7f8 idky i clicked on this. my curiosity override my hocd and now i'm paying for it...goddamn it low pressure.... so yore telling me my blood circulated the earth this is borderline terrifying.\nbut also fascinating. this right here should tell many unbelievers that god is evident and his creation is unmatched. hmm i dont think so https://youtu.be/bnhy1rx1wi8 i honestly like the narrator's voice sometimes, drug-eluting stents are placed in arteries as part of balloon angioplasty. these stents secrete plaque dissolving medication and facilitate uninterrupted flow of blood. youtube pls don't make this for children this is for kids my blood pressure is elevated after watching this don't get spooked. heart disease and heart attacks/stokes are overwhelmingly hereditary. embrace the meow meow is this nuke's top 5? listen closely as bruce lee said flow like water ted talkers are 10,000 times less intelligent and charismatic than they think they are. a cva, dvt, pulmonary embolism, or heart attack are all bad news and a danger of high blood pressure. and frequently there's no advanced symptoms. they call it the silent killer for a reason. i remember when i was in the hospital they tried to get me out of the bed on the same day of the surgery itself. my blood pressure dropped to 80/40. they said i was on the verge of going into cardiac arrest love this. very informative! oh haha this is the video we were watching when i fainted in cna class. i still have no idea why thank you so much for sharing this video. this helps me to understand what's going on in my body. i take blood pressure medication everyday. old information. salt is not a problem unless very excessive. dehydration and low potassium from lack of salt (nacl) is much more dangerous.\ni you ingest excessive salt/table salt (sodium chloride - nacl), drinking a lot of plain water can quickly correct that.\nplain water does not correct dehydration. it makes it worse. remember that. please. use pedialyte for adults or children. or an equivalent.\nto rehydrate, the water must contain ~ normal physiological levels of potassium and sodium. low levels of sugar can assist with absorption of electrolytes.\ndehydration can lead to low blood pressure causing ischemia, lack of oxygen, in the brain, heart or other critical organs. the low potassium can lead to weakness, muscle problems, gi problems, neurological problems including disorientation and, most importantly, abnormal cardiac rhythms. sometimes it amazes me , how and what makes this system work for 100 years without external force. having a heart attack over here... it's crazy to think how much has to work perfectly for us to exist https://youtu.be/ayefw7s3qno\nsleeep wellllll i thought stress was just a saying. i didn't know how deadly serious really is. you know what else requires containment? air pressure. gravity is not a container. @wvking it means there must be containment, otherwise known as the firmament. what does this mean? wjekeksk wow i'm really struck by how simple and amazingly well this whole topic is explained. everything that was in my head as alf knowledge i never cleared up is now crystal clear after only four minutes! great job, folks! yougotthis so informative thanks mate same ole story trying to scare ppl.. who develop those no on the machine.. americans? i once had super low blood pressure due to a blood infection/ sepsis. it was like 80s over 20s at one point if i remember right. they gave me norepinephrine to raise my bp, which sucked. i mean, it did it's job really well, but while it was working it felt like my heart was getting hit with a sledgehammer every time it beat. not a lot of fun. thankfully though, they were able to get me some antibiotics soon after that and i was able to leave the hospital after about a week and a half. ein gelaber . great animated video ! ted ed is bringing to notice how good graphic design and animation can lead to complicated topics explained in a simplified way and how it can revolutionarise our outdated school textbooks. your illuminati poison and social media is not fit for this earth. all praises to allah almighty for creating this perfect body system. i am screwed!.... i knew this would stress me out no huh?! nothing about low pressure?! (italy )i ll never run again ... just xxx oooow must be careful of people's blood pressure, must not antagonise or anger just lower your fats and still people think this whole universe came into existence on its own where as in reality the human body itself is so complex and intelligently designed by the one and only creator. allah akbar and some people still think this came out of nothing this made my 11 year old body weak i don't believe for a second that we have over 60,000 miles of anything in our individual bodies. maybe every body combined but not in one person. @dad need to be taught at school\nwith this type of video i wanted to know how blood pressure works. thank you for that. but now i've anxiety well explained thank you very much and here i am with a \"normal\" blood pressure at least +200 / +135\n(about a month in hospital to find the reason..nothing ) damn i really need to start caring about myself. my body is trying so hard to survive and i'm out here killing it simple laws this is exactly for you. but later. video stressed me out mcdonald's anyone? what...are you scared? you should be!bwahahaahhaa wow wow my heart is hurting imagine thinking all of this was brought into existence by accident because of a big boom why i am seeing this video everytime???? before , not really fully understand this ! but its so easy to get it ! <3 good job for person who created that perfect lesson of life. cholesterol is nvolvd whn th pancreas cant keep up wth nsulin production...ths modern day immune systm short term emergency fix, uses cholesterol as a part of th complex procss to trap & nuetralyze ths xtra glucose/toxic glucose...our ancestors did not eat procssd carbs as we do...it is writtn/documntd tht procssd sugr was not nventd til around th 1100s ad/ce n ndia...th body had to nvent a way to get rid of th xtra glucose to stop it from poisonng th body/to deal wth/neutrapyze th toxic hyperglucose n th blood...we eat too many carbs & most ppl eat majority of procssd carbs-sugary & starchy toxins.... salty thank you you for the warm sharing is the heart a pump? they should do one on how to lower blood pressure if you lined up all the veins in your body, your corpse would struggle to measure it if it is that long then why don't we get tall like how does that fit in our bodies all of that blood we don't just have 1 straight veritcal blood vessel in our whole body lol, it wraps around everywhere gollaam nee oru killadi thanne god is in control, thank you jesus just here to know if my knowledge of jojo and demon slayer is enough excellent video! i suffer from hp and i didn't quite undestand the risks of it until i saw your video. 120/80 maximum lowest minimum 110/70 thanks for sharing this video\nblessings jesus christ saves souls 1st corinthians ch15 verses1-4 kjv i stress about stress so i try not to stress which causes stress. i really want to know more about our body, since i am grade 4 i dont fully know how the cells, the brain, or the other organs work, but science is just so interesting! all the medical explanations must be like this only this is great example of how to tell a complex body process to almost no more doubts subhan allah\ngod is the greatest <3 it is can you live whiteout some? 1 small mistake and things go out of order somewhat horrifying es un acto de fe creerle algo a estas mafias. arnold ehret decia que el corazon no es una bomba sino una valvula, y el ritmo lo determina el ph. ese hombre batio el record del mundo de ayuno (49 dias) a principios del siglo 20 y es muy conocido por su sistema curativo, la dieta amucosa, una combinacion de alimentos alcalinos y ayunos periodicos. a ese hombre lo mataron los sicarios de las industrias de la carne, para las que trabaja este canal. i can't watch it even to the middle i feel really dizzy and my hearth hurts and beats really fast when i watch this your what hurts? 1:07 why did they use mercury tho there's a device they use that's basically just a tube of mercury with measuring lines, and the mercury moves up in response to your blood pressure, so i guess that's referring to how high on the measuring thing it is this video makes vampires very hungry https://youtu.be/hihyzyt66oc such a complex machine mother nature has created. https://youtu.be/z-8hhy_ge_g nobody lives forever. watching this is raising my blood pressure just wow i will be back here whenever i feel insecure, to remind me that myself already doing a great job since very first time fats and salt doesn't cause blockage, i eat them more and my blood pressure is always normal one day i was running on the treadmill and i tried using breathing techniques (i don't have much knowledge about them back then) and i tried increasing my heart rate to 150 thinking it's good i think this video just triggered my fight or flight response youtube can read your mind. spooky shyt is there a video that can explain how to combat high blood pressure or low blood pressure? i'm diagnosed with ulcerative colitis and anamia, it's no wonder why my medical report form was being reviewed for my cdl license. very well narrated, professionally created, super educational and easy to understand. thanks so much how blood pressure works...\ndon't get on my nerves and my blood pressure won't go up!!!! *_thank blood_* surface press- awesome thankyou! mark 11:24\ntherefore i tell you, whatever you ask in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours. zssessssewsszsz#we#wssewz#wswwswzswzswswzszwwwszwwswr this was 6 years ago why is it in my recommendation thank you! great explanation and greatly appreciated! as a squeamish person watching this, i almost passed out. appreciate and say thank you to your body wow it looks like a gd level jesus loves you i still don't understand the 120/80 i think my blood pressure increased just by watching this does the 500 grams of meth i do daily contribute to my low blood pressure? it's currently 526/189 what an animation! congrats to the studio shata me beautiful video. thank you i read that salt also affects bone calcium absorption. it's so prevalent in foods. food industry uses two dangerous substances, which are sugar and salt. salt is used as a preservative to keep food on shelf longer. it's crazy out there. i don't use it in my cooking, but when you order out or accept invitation to dinner, you can't avoid it. best thing to do is cook for yourself. where were you during paramedic school hii bro i want to know what blood pressure medication does to help lower your blood pressure. i know these medications are diuretics, so they make you pee more often. but, how exactly does that lower your blood pressure? watching this video made my blood pressure go up so my bp is normally 190/90 works for me ! god is so amazing i've been telling others that all the blood runs through your heart in 1 minute, so it's the equivalent to 95,000km per minute? how fascinating?? at age 32 had numbness happening alot in my fingers and eventually going a few hundred miles in a day on a motorcycle my whole arm went numb for a few mins, eventually went to the doctor and was told hypertension now i have to take 2 meds to keep it close to normal but i'm sure it's mostly from eating really bad daily but very light i never gained weight but eating terribly yearly i'm sure that what it is mostly. kewl i wonder how much exposure to fight-or-flight one needs to experience to have some sort of negative effect on the body. all i can think of is the men and women in the battlefield. why, out of all the things i watch on this platform, is youtube recommending me this. after 6 years too i suffer from low bp or hypotension. lowest reading i've ever gotten was while i was 8 months pregnant 86/49, it felt like i was on the verge of fainting but at the same time i was aware of everything i just couldn't articulate it. i wish someone would've told me that pregnancy lowers your bp, i would've taken that into consideration before getting pregnant lol instead i just basically spent 10 months passing out over every little thing https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iljis1v4rac wow this was a huge eye opener so simple to understand. i have such a better understanding now. thanks! why did i think it was a christmas video why is the music so perfect for this video great video... wtf? !!! this vid is 6 years old and for the last week it has been in my top row suggestions !! i havent even watch any of this channel in over a year !! thank you for reminding me to take my bp meds how complicated our body is. yet we still don't believe that there is a creator one time my bp was 250/190 lol that was a wild night my blood pressure is one of the things i've been obsessing over ever since i developed anxiety disorder. anyone else relate? same, you're not alone bro yes. i'm 58, developed an anxiety panic disorder when i was around 12 years old. growing up i was in good shape, did cardio exercise daily starting ar 17 years old. didnt smoke, stopped drinking by age 27, still ate fastfood, was told by my doctor at 21 years old i have consistant high blood pressure. never really worried about it, and i wasn't put on any blood pressure meds. i suffered anxiety and panic up until i was 40 years old. now fast forward to 53 years old. i'm at work and i end up having a mini stroke. spent a day and a half in the hospital. i was fortunate since i was in decent shape didn't smoke or drink or do drugs. also after my ct scan and mri they found my arteries to be clean, no blockages. after t hff at event i lost 23 additional pounds i was carrying, got my stress under control, i'm on 5 mg of lisinipril a day and 12 mg of metoprolol. i still do 5 days of cardio exercise and i'm a vegetarian for about 5 years now. my bp averages 110/68 daily because daily i check it.\nthe moral to my story? get your emotions uh under control. get your anxiety under control. mine hovers around 190/120 when i am in excruciating pain. thanks to the \"war on opioids\" doctors are no longer allowed to prescribe for chronic pain,... it's actually a \"witch hunt\" according to one of my 5 doctors that disappeared or had their license yanked for trying to help. if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body into the ground\nyou would die i dont feel so good 2:13 \"if your blood pressure regularly rises above 140/90 what we call \"hypertension\" and stays there it can cause serious problems\". why then is it considered beneficial to do aerobic exercises, although it regularly raises your bp up to 160-200 mm hg? arterial walls must tear regularly during exercises. 'and stays there', when not exercising bp will drop hence not 'staying there' very good. what is considered a high salt diet.as salt is needed by the body? gee, ted! thanks so much for this wonderful, elementary school-level explanation of blood pressure! all the pretty, bright colors and stuff moving. gosh, so much thought must have gone into this! in the next video, can you explain how we blow our noses? but i'm being terribly unfair. given the obvious level of scientific understanding shown by \"average americans\" these days, something like this is about all we can handle. thumbnail remember me geometry dash maps \"how kimetsu works very informative information now i understand my stent. now im scared. pov me at 3 at night damn i have to sleep than that video was there youtube coming to recommend random health videos to everyone amazing no machine can does that what human body does. still these morons don't believe in allah (christians and jews say god). a machine as sophisticated as man's body cannot form it self from nothing because zero plus zero can never be one! thanks for the video! easy to understand. imagine making this video i've had really aggressive hypertension now since i was prity young i'm now 40 and it still never gets to a good lvl and i'm on a ton of meds and some at the peak of m.g.s allowed before it becomes dangerous. hi i wonder what vampires think of this video. i am sure every unhealthy guy like me who has a badposture and bad eating habits got scared. this is a wakeup call to me. will update this comment in few months to let you guys know this video was an actual wake up call or not ;-; the blood of jesus has power to save your soul from eternal death **panics while thinking about not panicking** why not explain what happens with low bp.\ni have this condition and its no walk in the park either as it gives a visible physical consequence as for high bp is more hidden (dangerous) low bp is as much treatening and frightening. soooo i'm a walking blood clot, thanks youtube it works well with spike protein injections awesome video! thank you for sharing that was the best video i've watched on youtube and i've watched alot. the missus will tell you that watching this video... my bp went up seeing what happens to my arteries as i battle bp for 4 years... i can only say: thank you jesus after watching this... on bp meds since 2018 and only 40 years old. i'm grateful to be alive @bestmoviestrailer bestmoviestrailer i already have. some of their beliefs i just don't agree with. i'm sorry but islam is a religion. and as i've said, i'm non- denomination. i'm not interested in anything that concerns religion. i'm a spiritual being, not a religious one. thank you. be safe, well, and blessed. amen @boss lady 76 research about islam patricia: have you also made lifestyle changes too? no jesus there is\nonly 1 do research which is 1 and oldest religion in world,\nu r ansestors was forcefully converted designed by god when ever you see me in the comment section you should subscribe que du fake im 21 years old and my heart beat 45 times per minute! is it wrong? that thumping sound in the background raised my blood pressure well this was amazing. teach me something else please. very nice :)) i get scared watching stuff like this, what if i begin controlling my heart and make it beat wrong that sound of heartbeat is so scary idk why gracias... kukuli hickirik kukuli hickirik kukuli hickirik bu buda very informative by keep lying to your soul mate or anyone for thee matter at hand subhan'allah masyaallah so today i learned about how the king's engine works... #onepunch all the man had to say was too much salt leads to\nhigh blood pressure. this was a very effective video. i felt a bit of genuine dread when that vein clogged up. didn't expect to have any emotional response. how simply explain angioplasty amazing. \"so which of the favors of your lord would you deny?\" (quran : surat ar-rahman 55:13) oh very well explained if someone had just shown me this video in school i would have been saved a lot of heartache, no pun intended. diaphragm ???? https://youtu.be/zp-5dh6gwx8 why that heart beat sounds like dribbling of basketball ball? i once saw this as a kid... it was satisfying to see while i didn't understand what it meant and now......\nit's still satisfying and almost no idea what he is saying..\ncause i'm too busy remembering what i saw as a kid.. scary it is scary to watch this video when you are only 28 and having bp pills for more than 2 years to control the pressure. that bp pills needs to be taken till the death. how many of us get really really queazy and nauseous watching this? cool graphics but the content was wayyy too basic scary asf but beautiful asf i am going to explode very informative so what about low blood pressure? and how do those cuffs measure this! more googling awaits me lol our complex body is an absolute beautiful miracle @ work day in and day out grateful that's mean no one is perfect. wonderful vid they told me the plaque was cholesterol... incredible video thanks a lot for that <3 it's so slow even at 2x playback speed. superb presentation and sound effects our blood vessels only need to withstand 120 mm of mercury and still manage to break? what a joke lmao excellent video... shout out to my fellow pots disease friends for some reason whenever i stand up my bpm rises to almost 130 bpm and even when sitting down it's about 80-90bpm , i fainted once and hit my head and went to the hospital and apparently i had a condition where i needed more water than others, my blood test was perfect with everything being normal especially my salt and sugar levels but even on the day of my discharge being super duper hydrated i still made the machines beep like crazy and there were some doctors rushing in high blood pressure is not a disease, and it never killed anyone. it is what was causing the high blood pressure.... mostly poor diet, lifestyle, stress, medications.... and then theres me, 18, 190@ thanks for the video, i actually learnt something! how tf do u stick a pipe in that tiny vessel? this video gave me hypertension it will beat 2.5 billion times and all it takes is one 5 minute slip up psalms 139:14 i praise you because in an awe-inspiring way i am wonderfully made. your works are wonderful, i know this very well. the best visualization i've ever seen for this subject, and i earned an \"a\" in anatomy lecture and lab at uni. whomever is animating your videos should be retained for services with a decent raise. weird flex but ok the voiceover is great too. sending blessings to anyone the algorithm has sent this way so if you have a high salt diet, is drinking water a way to cancel put the effects or does that make it worse? sometimes it's scary to think that what's keeping me alive it's just this muscle that's pumping in the center of my chest that i can hold in my hand ? ! this video gave me anxiety this gives me anxiety and now i'm stressed out another thing that raises blood pressure: watching this video. this video is terrifying..... why isn't this taught in school instead of memorizing equations half of us will never need in our future so don't get the poke. subhan -allah this is the best video i have seen regarding blood pressure for god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. john 3:16 kjv, jesus christ is the only way. years ago, i stopped sprinkling sea salt on my food and increased my water intake because i did have a bit of water weight, i looked a bit swollen from my face, nothing major or concerning. i wish i wouldn't have. i started to be thirsty all the time, urinating every 15-30 min, unless i stopped drinking water but then i'd be so thirsty, extremely tired, my bp was high, i had palpitations all day, couldn't even walk without my heart being at 120+. i was severely dehydrating my body. at first i didn't even made a connection, i spend 2 years being miserable, not knowing what was wrong with me, then after those years \"researching\" on my own, i realized i was experiencing symptoms of water intoxication. the day i started sprinkling salt again, all the symptoms went away, i felt awful because i never made a connection or realized. i'm fortunate to know now how important sodium is for our body. low sodium can raise your bp and it can lead to strokes too, salt is not bad we just need to balance it with our water intake. thank you , can some 1 answer my question , been a vegetarian for last 23 years , yet i had a stint put in me , why ? i actually love this video does anybody else freak out when thinking about the inner workings of our bodies? funny how this shows up on my recommended the day after my papa died because his blood pressure was too low to do dialysis i have been forever looking for a video that explains blood flow. now i have found it. thank you brother. love your work. love it all my brother... hi hi you can cure it in a year completely am i the only one who's going to question the 95,000 km statement? i find that difficult to believe. 95 miles would be a stretch but approximately 59,000 miles? yea right and the soul and him who balanced it,\nquran beautifull how does blood pressure medication works? (cries cuz doesn't like organs and hits self because watched this) no, i don't like this video 20 seconds in the thumbnail made me think this was a kursgesagt vid we all have only about 3 to 5 minutes to live, but every time we breath, that time resets. zero explanation why some people have low pressure, or why a pill can magically fix it this was very informative, clear and concise does anybody's body feel weird watching this i'm done watching now bye wow! huge mechanism goes on inside us...and we take each breath for granted! its really not that complicated ima lil worried that the model has no neck... my blood pressure is never high and that's weird i would've expected my blood pressure to shoot thru the roof when i went to the hotel with desmond and he put the air conditioner on 77 bro move on it's fine that you hate me but it's a straight obsession at this point and it's becoming very uuuuh how do you say: stalkerish bc u got all these bitches and all this money yet you so concerned about getting at a \"crackhead\" let it go dude is anyone else getting recommended this right now to quote a mr.joseph tribianni: \"wow, i am learning so much from you\"! it's a shame for someone to know this and still abuse their body. what's the difference between veins and arteries @lycan apis thank you!! arteries - away from heart. veins - to the heart. arteries carry oxygenated blood and veins de-oxygenated, with the exception being the artery going to the lungs from the heart and the vein going from the lungs back to the heart. the scope that is still primitive has found this out. imagine what else we still haven't thought about. i have low blood pressure and i wanted to know about it but damn, it was pretty interesting anyhow i am in my 30s, i have had blood pressure done two times at the doctors ends up around\n139/98. never sent me to see specialist i was at 154/95 before i found out it was the reason i was losing feeling in my face & couldn't stay awake longer than 3hrs at a time lol idk why i got this recommneded in my feed, but interestiong lol newsflash we're not immortal yo all that to carry a brain to random places... nature is awesome same old medical myth about salt intake. off-brand kursgesagt wondering about the effects of low pressure, what happens then? watching this because i have vasovagal syncope the sound effects audio quality are unnecessarily superb it keeps you alive, or not i might be too sleepy for this.. in anyones experience, does medical cannabis affect your bp? these r dope! hi, i have a question, hope somebody can answer this. epinephrine/norepinephrine (adrenaline/noradrenaline) are most known for its \"fight or flight\" triggering mechanism, activating your sns to an extent so you can push the limits of your body, thus craving more blood as the cellmetabolism rises... why does it vasoconstrict then? increasing the bloodpressure, making it harder for blood to pass through and arrive to the targeted cells? like, other properties of adrenaline and na makes sense. increases the heartbeat (chronotropy) by stimulating sv- and av-nodes, increases the contractility of the heart and vasodilates the coronary arteries all to increase cardiac output. but vasoconstricts perifere arteries? did i asked? your averages are a bit on the low wide but the video was really good beyond such m i always wonder - if one has high blood pressure, why don't we just let some out, like you would for a tire or a balloon. i guess that's why i'm not in the medical field lol. haha ohhh i read jeffery epstein was popular to y'all ted talkers thanks that is why i try to stay away from salty type foods nice info about hypertension. but my friend suffers from the opposite - her blood pressure is extremely low and sometimes so low that it is not meassurable. do you have an explanation for this??? hypotension, which is as bad or even worse than hypertension... hypotension 3:25 i saw an angioplasty in your heart attack video ted ed. thx for the help thank you so much hola buen video pa alguien q sufre hipertension. he tenido 22 / 12 sin sintomas. p eso le dicen \" asesino silencioso\" . tengo antecedentes . mi papa murio muerte subita sin atencion medica. solo . tenia 59 a. can you tell us about the renin-angiotensin system, and how it affects blood pressure? is it me or did every school use ted ed for there powerpoint video don't tell me that atheist are not a 'fools' scary stuff. blood aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaqaqqqqaqqaaaaaqaqaqaaaaaaaaqqqqqqqaqqqqqqqqqqaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i watched this just because people playground\nsurah adh-dhariyat\n56. i did not create jinn and humans except to worship me. watching videos like this make me worry more hey, if you said it's 95kms long... well with a little skepticism i'd accept.\nbut 95 000kms???\nno :f waaaay! :d gear... second! me: gets quickly up from couch\nmy brain: and i took that personally truly it's a miracle to be alive not mentioned... the hormones that control your blood pressure are made in your kidneys. i have esrd, or end stage renal disease. my kidneys resemble prunes and no longer make these hormones. i get dialysis to clean my blood and remove fluid, but it doesn't replace my hormones. as a result, my blood pressure soars to 200/110 unmedicated. i'm on several medications, but my pressure is still higher than normal. even modern medications can't effectively replace the hormones made by the kidneys. i am not 60 i don't need to know this do you think that the whole system is running on its own? no, not at all. it is the one who is not able to sleep or sleep who is he? glory be to god! which then of the bounties of your lord will you deny?. rocks have come a very long way huh scary but wonderful thank you for explanation i got a stent this video gave me high bp, no thanks bloody marvellous i always wondered, because every piping system has a work input to create a continuous fluid flow. i mean what is the prime mover for the heart? what about low blood pressure? i have problems with that :(( how will such an organ with thin walls pump blood to vessels so long? something doesn't feel right the animation of this video is really amazing!! thank you ted-ed for always giving us precious lessons!!! ngl the heart pounding noises scare me fasho.. my bp is low.. i can barely wear a durag throughout the day without a headache esp at night my god. need my papaya leaf n salt water it's wrong!! this was randomly reccomended by youtube to me sometimes it does not. why does it work that is the question. why do we live at all? something to think about for you as someone who has stage5 ckd qnd undergoing dialysis, my blood pressure is sometimes unstable. sometimes it gets high and its ok for me but i dont like it when my blood pressure drops to 80/50 coz that makes me light headed and sometimes pass out. very well explained ! wow, he's half right, but the other half will kill you, 1) salt should be natural and a no salt diet is deadly (cancer) 2) yes, cholesterol protects us from atherosclerosis which is fungus , 3) low bp is deadly too ... hbp is bad but not as deadly ... lol here take this toxic rx for a disorder they is not deadly ... you know how many people are taking hbp rx and they tell me this med makes me ill ... i can control my blood clean explanation!! drink water, do exercises and call down with salt... ...i felt nervous and scared after watching this... this is scary did jack kirby do the art for th visuals? genius not anymore it doesn't, not for the newly anointed guinea pigs anyways ... the sound of the beating heart in the video was scary. like something is going to happen. friend: how did your twin died?\nme: about two and a half billion heart beats please use measures we understand. most of us who are older do not understand kilometers, liters, etc, etc. we all know miles, feet, lbs, etc. we love your content, please help us understand. thank you. there's nothing as scary as seeing blood vessels clogging. way to go wilfred manzano, great video narration. my name is daniel manzano. always nice to see another manzano. i've seen manzanos from italy, puerto rico, el salvador and the philippines so far. i am interested to know where you're family is from.\nbtw - i take blood pressure medication. great video. after seeing this i feel how much our body suffers due to our unhealthy lifestyle... earthing is good for blood circulation and for our health, it's easy to diy a grounding sheet, mat or pillow to use at home, no need to buy.\nhttps://youtu.be/44ddtr0xdvu this video is giving me anxiety. this is why fiber is so important whoever found this out, had a lot of time to research what about low bp...am a permanent patient of low bp ( which is around 60-90 even sometimes its 40 to 60 that cause me serious damage time to time ) ...idk how to deal with it am 27 and now it's effecting my daily life and work as well ...a bit stress makes me unconscious anywhere...i always feel cold even in normal weather ...any help ? nice animation !! nice script as well !! thank you for the simple explanation with easy to understand animation. our bodies are crazy! so cool yeah i had a stroke 8 years ago, and before that my blood pressure was like 210/160! i had the stroke a few months later hope youve made some lifestyle changes since then and doing much better now. share your update. who also feels the heart pumping while watching this video? if you lined up all of the blood vessels in your body in a straight line.....you would die.\n(i love these videos) and they say god doesn't exist. bien, ahora me voy a estresar para que se me estreche el sistema circulatorio, se rompa y coagulo para la llegada del paro :d that just made me so happy to be human. \"if you line upthey be 9500 kilo meter long..\" how is it possible to be this long for 1 human? lost me from the get-go god is amazing this video made me feel a special kind of uncomfortable subhanallah, alhamdulillah, allahu akbar. theres no way the length of one person's blood vessels is that long. its impossible. there is not enough volume within the human body to hold something so long. i call major bs may the universe bless all of us with wealth health and abundance!! a reminder the god loves you and jesus died for your sins doing exercises and eating good diets is the best way of thanking this beautiful system of our body brilliant explanation!\nkudos 200/140 feel just fine great explanation that is necessary for all to know, in a simplistic manner. germans take hawthorn berry extract to keep their arteries healthy and it works. great for the heart . yt is wrong for recommending me for this when i'm 22 and hypertensive. stressing me out for no reason made my blood pressure rise by watching this video great video!!! repent to jesus christ\n\"on the first day of the week, very early in the morning, the women took the spices they had prepared and went to the tomb. they found the stone rolled away from the tomb, but when they entered, they did not find the body of the lord jesus. while they were wondering about this, suddenly two men in clothes that gleamed like lightning stood beside them. in their fright the women bowed down with their faces to the ground, but the men said to them, \"why do you look for the living among the dead? he is not here; he has risen! remember how he told you, while he was still with you in galilee: 'the son of man must be delivered over to the hands of sinners, be crucified and on the third day be raised again.' \" then they remembered his words. when they came back from the tomb, they told all these things to the eleven and to all the others. it was mary magdalene, joanna, mary the mother of james, and the others with them who told this to the apostles. but they did not believe the women, because their words seemed to them like nonsense. peter, however, got up and ran to the tomb. bending over, he saw the strips of linen lying by themselves, and he went away, wondering to himself what had happened. now that same day two of them were going to a village called emmaus, about seven miles from jerusalem. they were talking with each other about everything that had happened. as they talked and discussed these things with each other, jesus himself came up and walked along with them; but they were kept from recognizing him. he asked them, \"what are you discussing together as you walk along?\" they stood still, their faces downcast. one of them, named cleopas, asked him, \"are you the only one visiting jerusalem who does not know the things that have happened there in these days?\" \"what things?\" he asked. \"about jesus of nazareth,\" they replied. \"he was a prophet, powerful in word and deed before god and all the people. the chief priests and our rulers handed him over to be sentenced to death, and they crucified him; but we had hoped that he was the one who was going to redeem israel. and what is more, it is the third day since all this took place. in addition, some of our women amazed us. they went to the tomb early this morning but didn't find his body. they came and told us that they had seen a vision of angels, who said he was alive. then some of our companions went to the tomb and found it just as the women had said, but they did not see jesus.\" he said to them, \"how foolish you are, and how slow to believe all that the prophets have spoken! did not the messiah have to suffer these things and then enter his glory?\" and beginning with moses and all the prophets, he explained to them what was said in all the scriptures concerning himself. as they approached the village to which they were going, jesus continued on as if he were going farther. but they urged him strongly, \"stay with us, for it is nearly evening; the day is almost over.\" so he went in to stay with them. when he was at the table with them, he took bread, gave thanks, broke it and began to give it to them. then their eyes were opened and they recognized him, and he disappeared from their sight. they asked each other, \"were not our hearts burning within us while he talked with us on the road and opened the scriptures to us?\" they got up and returned at once to jerusalem. there they found the eleven and those with them, assembled together and saying, \"it is true! the lord has risen and has appeared to simon.\" then the two told what had happened on the way, and how jesus was recognized by them when he broke the bread. while they were still talking about this, jesus himself stood among them and said to them, \"peace be with you.\" they were startled and frightened, thinking they saw a ghost. he said to them, \"why are you troubled, and why do doubts rise in your minds? look at my hands and my feet. it is i myself! touch me and see; a ghost does not have flesh and bones, as you see i have.\" when he had said this, he showed them his hands and feet. and while they still did not believe it because of joy and amazement, he asked them, \"do you have anything here to eat?\" they gave him a piece of broiled fish, and he took it and ate it in their presence. he said to them, \"this is what i told you while i was still with you: everything must be fulfilled that is written about me in the law of moses, the prophets and the psalms.\" then he opened their minds so they could understand the scriptures. he told them, \"this is what is written: the messiah will suffer and rise from the dead on the third day, and repentance for the forgiveness of sins will be preached in his name to all nations, beginning at jerusalem. you are witnesses of these things. i am going to send you what my father has promised; but stay in the city until you have been clothed with power from on high.\" when he had led them out to the vicinity of bethany, he lifted up his hands and blessed them. while he was blessing them, he left them and was taken up into heaven. then they worshiped him and returned to jerusalem with great joy. and they stayed continually at the temple, praising god.\"\nluke 24:1-53 niv wouldn't it make sense to discuss how vitamin k2 helps prevent arterial calcification? that's something everybody can address. what happens with low blood pressure? i have lower than normal blood pressure and wanted to know what that does to the body. i actually have a really bad problem with low blood pressure. it makes me feel exhausted literally all the time. does anyone know a good way to fix that? this one is easy , you go to visit your doctor because you have anxiety of what the doctor might tell you your blood pressure is higher than normal. the doctor writes you a prescription for blood pressure medication then bills your insurance company $1000 for the five minutes he spent with you . then you go to the pharmacy and spend $85 for medication that cost $10 in mexico for the exact same thing . you ask your doctor how long do i have to take this and he says for the rest of your life . the doctor gets a new boat the pharma....executives get a fourth vacation home and you get screwed all for something that probably never existed in the first place and if it did it could have been treated with exercise and diet . that's how blood pressure works i battle high bp, had a heart attack at 42 and have a stent in the artery on the right side of my heart.\npeople say a bad heart attack feels like an elephant sitting on your chest; it's an apt description. it's by far the most pain i've ever experienced. so much pain, in fact, that for the first hour i could do nothing but literally writhe in agony on my bed, begging for it to stop. it was a further 2 hours before i could drive myself to the er.\nwhen my bp gets too high, i can literally see it. the edges of my vision darken with each heartbeat -- sort of like the beginning of tunnel vision, but the tunnel never closes fully.\nplus when it gets that high, i can also feel the extra pressure in my eyeballs with each beat. wow that's frightening @vee forteeto yes sir. been doing that all my life. without god i'd of never made it this far.\ni have answers now and after 6 days in icu they figured this out. thank you for caring. @kilo jerome smith , have you tried reading the bible before you go to bed? thank you this just made my blood pressure go up even more one thing many aren't aware of that raises bp is straining on the toilet. if you're constipated or just finding it difficult to make a bowel movement happen, don't spend an endless effort to try to push it out. typically people will hold their breath while straining and this increase bp in your head dramatically. if done often enough, you can cause serious damage to your arterial walls. same for lifting weights at the gym while holding your breath too often. hfft this uhj @like icecream i'd heard it's because the constipation straining is erratic. i get both constipation & diarrhoea quite often, mostly constipated to normal, i don't have the patience for it (especially on a squatting toilet) but it's kinda hard to remember to keep breathing, but we shall keep trying no mention of low blood pressure.....disappointing my dad's bp rises to 190/100\nhe's under medication now i am 27 year old and have avg bp of 145/90, have been diagnosed with primary hypertension 4years back. have changed my diet and goes to walk and regular with my gym, no improvement there. if not for sometime will have to start taking medicines . i'm 160/85, come at me cheers mate, can't sleep now justice for targeted individuals great time watching! ty!! very well explained: bro needs to back off the mic. sounds like he is suckin on it. what a great demonstration! i knew \"a little\" bit but this helps me understand so much better now that i will probably die from a heart attack. follow up video explaining why exercise is recommended for lowering blood pressure? this video explained in 5 minutes, what i could not understand in a lifetime! very worth spreading around! great job!!! explain how regular caffeine causes a loss in overall blood volume (vascular constrictor) and lowered o2 capacity , but when you first quit it feels like you'll die (addiction) , until the body rebuilds the blood volume , then its better endurance , circulation , organ function i learned more in these 5 minutes than a whole week in my health class in high school sleep is the best medication. i can't get my head around the first fact. surely that's impossible??? subhanallah fake bad youtuber more videoes like this please! anyone a have list of this medial related videos? the best explanation i've had so far about what affects blood pressure. the most clear explanation i have heard by far (says a layman here). highblood ako tas shutdown kpdn sabhanallah im at 150 80 constantly lol very useful video. keep making more. i know something else that causes clots on your blood streams.....but if i name it, they will block my account. just look at the amount of salt in food from fast food joints. the human body terrifies me put your hand on your chest, feel your heart pumping to keep you alive. and say to it \" keep up buddy, i will take care of u\". there is \"no\" concept of high blood presure of low \"bp\"......pls educate your self by watching the videos of dr. b.m. hedge, renowned cardiologist with over 50 years of experience....... everything you do is an exercise in futility. your life will end & you will be forgotten. nothing matters, you are inconsequential.\nhave some fun while you still can.\neverytime terms like hypertension, heart attack, blood pressure gives me so much anxiety and puts my mind in a loop of the would'ves and should'ves because my father recently died of the events shown in this video.\nrip daddy : 21st february 1962 - 18th october 2020 condolences brother. stay strong. proof my sister was trying to kill me for 28 of my 30 whatever years of life. glad your gone sis. my bp is now down to 130 max average instead of resting at 160 cause of your constant drama complete it..you idiots..explaining a problem only isnt education..providing th solution too\n... this is brilliant presentation! thankyou ted ed interesting can you please do one on bloody noses? i get them when the seasons change, sometimes when i take a shower, or drink milk and go outside when it's hot, or when i'm eating a guy out. i've bled on one too many asses. thanks for youtube suggestions how my blood boils! always admirer of your work. thank you mine don't do that the video putting the damn pounding sound in gives me so much anxiety my blood pressure went up after watching this the body is a miracle this is why when the doctor says take your bp medicine take that medicine.if he wants you to take blood thinner take it!!! i love how they talk about high blood pressure but don't give 2 shits about low blood pressure and nothing about low blood pressure...... a combination of blood pressure, poor diet and exercise, hereditary growth hormones, and excessive walking/hiking left me with varicose veins in my legs, resulting in often swollen, purple ankles since the veins are stretched so wide the pressure from the heart can't push it back up all of the time. i feel like this is the kind of thing that should be taught more in schools, especially since teenagers and kids often go for cheap, sugary/salty/fatty foods. @pumpkin me to but i never learnt about blood pressure. we learnt stuff like what happens if you smoke or if your an alcoholic but that was when i was in primary. @peta xoh i don't know about everyone else, but i was taught all these things in public school and we even had to do class presentations about it. it was my choice to not really care about them as a young teen because no one told me i was learning about my own body because it's important, instead of just because i had to know temporarily only to pass a test at the end. people often say \"school is important\", and i believe the same, but not telling teens *why* it's important will result in many people forgetting they were taught these things in school, or even thinking that \"school is useless\". try to do more cardio and eating more vegetables with fruits and proper meat then.\ni'm doing calisthenics, you know skin the cat, one arm pullup etc.. and i had some my veins more pumped up, than it would be cool. when i started to do more cardio, they seem more relaxed (and also my overall perfomance got better), so running, cycling, swimming, maybe it could help your varicose. how long is 95 kilometers? i live in the united states. i just found out i have bowel cancer ;-; who needs schools when you have such amazingly illustrated and explained information for free on youtube? i have learnt more on youtube than my 2 years at a private college. word to the wise, save your money and don't go into debt you will never be able to pay back. i needed to know this but didn't want to know it i've been asking for my body to have a stroke because of my diet excellent. im 13/8 all the time, stress also makes it high all the time salt doesn't lead to high blood pressure. incomplete. for the last month my blood pressure was +(145/95) all the time, the minimum reading i had (135/84) til what the different types of blood pressure mean can literally die in seconds because of some cell workers deciding to have a lunch break and block one of the blood streams death is the most simple thing in this world !!!\nthe most expensive & wonderful thing is, being alive !!! i always feel tingly after watching anatomy and physiology videos lol correction: this does not give a full picture of blood pressure. there is such a thing as too low blood pressure, too, and many of us go undiagnosed for decades because it is so little understood and often taken for concussion, or simply laziness by both the medical (especially paramedics) and lay communities. hypotension screws up almost every system in your body - from digestion to healing processes - because its main transport system simply doesn't work properly.\ni take vasoconstrictors and amphetamines in my waking hours, and eat a high salt diet just to be able to get to a 24hr average bp of 80/40 (rhr of 74) and not be falling over, or fainting, or ,worst of all, pre-syncope (pre-fainting) wherein one gets all the symptoms of fainting but stays conscious, trapped in your body until bp rises enough to be able to call for help (assuming you're not alone). even medicated, i get severe post-prandial hypotension so have to lie down after eating even the smallest meal and have to increase the vasoconstrictor med after surgeries just to recover properly. we are just same like machine, but very fragile from inside. this is scary would have loved to understand what low blood pressure looks like as well. loved the video! awesome animation! the bible says at psalm 139 that we are wonderfully made thank you for your coments on blood pressure marvin from utah one day my father got upset and hs blood pressure went to 220/120 , i thought he was gonna die but thankfully he didn't you didn't talk about low blood pressure... well mine is 220 over 113 and that's when i feel good for a change and not a word on how to prevent all these problems\nwe're no omnivores, go on a whole, food plant based diet. what's the medical test to locate the clogged blood vessel to perform the angyoplasty? more than 9000km , created by their owns for 7 billion humans ? sounds logical , no ? im so bored with this type of stock music used in informative videos thank you the salt thing has been disproven, if you read the origin of the theory it's ridiculous. i got sick watching this. something about blood always fucks with my brain. what about low blood pressure thank you god. :) learning about the dangers of high blood pressure gives me high blood pressure i'm super stressed and i love salty food. i'm going to die. goodbye. i got really bad anxiety watching that blood vessel clog up wow god has created such a beautiful engineering in our body my heart beat raised while watching this and now i'm in mortal fear of making any sudden movements. too funny. but i get the feeling. good video, thanks for making these. they help understand basics of health. hi, thanks for a simple but effective short education on how blood pressure works. illustrations were beneficial on understanding the narrative. greetings from maine. this was very insightful, thank you. kurzgesagt earth right at the beginning <3 i have hypertensi, and gonna die young then we have fools like athiest that say we evolved from monkeys and there is no creator.\nallah is the absolute creator of everything in the heavens and earth and in between. he is the all-knowing. leszarom based wow... this information is surprising old and obsolete... yes, this video must have come out before we discovered that blood was actually gatorade. everything about the blood pressure, how stress can affect it, what can increase, what is done via angioplasty, all explained in such simple terms. it was easy to follow and understand. @tali dahlia pango ccfcffvgc dcccv\nbnl\nbz @sarah yunizka @sarah yunizka corny mo hanggang ngayon sarado ka @tali dahlia pango onononoonnonoonoonom this video is fantastic. thank you ted-ed. i've been working in healthcare for over ten years and just now understanding this. 0:14 you would also die watching this while eating a bowl of takis now that i know, i feel awesome to own 4 liters of blood! well done . simple and to the point this is a great layman's guide to understanding bp, clogging, and how we fix it. kuddos! this is kinda terrifying tbh sick beat is anyone else high? wow! so our blood vessels are like extremely advanced hoses that can last for 100 years while working non-stop! incredible! it's weird that this completely ignores kidneys, which are the number one organ which regulate blood pressure. jjjj https://youtu.be/7d16cpwp-ok if the blood pressure wasn't there, we would have been crushed by the atmospheric pressure by now. explain how the breathing techniques from demon slayer work this video was for the blood-demon arts, for the breathing techniques you need to find the one on the sympathetic nervous system what about low blood pressure??? like 90/40? blood pressure has never \"worked\" a day in its life!!!! i'm in a unique situation. i'm 24 and i'm in great shape and eat pretty healthily, but whenever i get my bp taken i freak out. the way it squeezes around my arm causes me to freak out every single time and i panic and stress out so it tends to be high whenever i go to the doctors or dentist. but it's funny cause i've taken it at home and whenever i'm able to be completely distracted (which takes a couple times but i eventually get it) it's around 105/70-75. it literally only goes up whenever the machine starts to squeeze. i've gotten blood tests about my general health and have gotten my kidneys checked and the doctors said everything looks good, i just get super nervous when the bp machine squeezes my arm. i guess i just have to get used it in a form of exposure therapy and to take it more often so i don't panic every time but it messes with my psyche cause it makes me think i have high bp but whenever i'm normally calm it's completely normal and i've had several tests clarifying that i'm in a healthy state . i have noticed though whenever i try to take it more i steadily get more calm and the numbers go way lower whenever i can control my anxiety. does anyone have any suggestions or ideas? i just hate overthinking my health and my anxiety playing tricks on me this is such a great channel. this is the first time bloodpressure has been explained to me. i've asked with no answers. it gets really hard to believe that life is the result of a random cosmic fart. this is all scary. ahh! eat\nfiber watching this made my body jump i love you aanndd all of a sudden i can feel my arteries... or is that anxiety my bp shot up after watching this video watching this made my blood pressure go even higher the nervous system jellyfish strikes again. one word\nleech\nif you know what i mean what an amazing creature , & all this structures exist by coincidence\nsome people are just fools thinking that\nit's like if someone telling you a modern smart house exist by coincidence\nhow can somebody believe in that i learned stuff in 4 minutes can someone tell what is the method to detect such inflammation of arteries. since my parents are older i want to check up their heart health. ecg is not enough as i dont think it detects this kind of damage. allah is the greatest. i invite everyone to read the blessed quran. crazy to think how we evolved such complicated systems in our bodies basically, low blood pressure is good.... except for the kidneys =d and this was made by evolution??????????????? this is good stuf. like \"in a nuttshell\" was in 2015 i have low blood pressure this video talks about high blood pressure do you have or can you have another video talking about low blood pressure that was an amazing explanation. sorry confusing you with another youtube channel thank you the animation pictures were outstanding 8-6 years ago the art and the drawings were much better and easier to follow one could see where the oxygen is and the carbon dioxide is as it was done in colour not a brown colour or cream sorry all the fascinating artists have left they were amazing for this channel i think i had high blood pressure just watching this video. medication is very important. it controls both my diabetes & blood pressure.\nprotect them from themselves against disease, diabetes, stroke & blindness, by implementing a health plan for all diabetics to follow, & if they don't follow it, lock them up for good. every 4 mins in the usa a person is added to the kidney transplant list. the usa spends 390 billion dollars annually in diabetes treatments, of which 90 billion is spent on lost productivity. heart disease is the no 1 killer globally, followed by stroke. let's just say an effort that used to take take you 7% before a stroke, will take you 75% after a stroke. for example diabetes, heart disease, obesity & stroke are the ocean , & covid is the killer whale in the ocean . your certainly better controlling your diabetes before a stroke. everyone should do a quartly blood test to determine, the level of their health . world leaders are asholes, because they don't care about people, because people are just a disposable can of coke, & all that world leaders care about is the money , circulating through the cash tills. your health is the most important thing, & without health, you can't support your family & live a prosperous life. avoid a stroke at all costs. because a healthy mind is in a healthy body & that we eat to live & not live to eat . you still enjoy your crispy cream once a month & eat out once a week, followed by exercise 3 times a week. got example say once a week every thursday, you can go to the food court or restaurant & have an entree, main meal & desert only. never cure depression with binge eating but exercise such a a 5 km bike ride or going to the beach . you'll save plenty of money , that you can put towards your mortgage or buying a sports car. very true diabetes affects your most important sensory organ, your eyes. diabetes is the common denominator for heart disease & stroke, etc. just look up the symptoms of diabetes & short & long term effects. you have to be shocked, because prevention is certainly better than cure. don't let diabetes burn you, put the out before it's too late. don't waste your time going on a binge eating fest. do some house work, exercise or read some interesting facts. because after a stroke you'll definitely miss these things you used to take for granted, such as driving, walking, riding a bike, working & house work. it took me 3 years, just to be able to walk down the road, with 2 hours a week of constant physio. also after a stroke, you completely lose your balance. it's better to turn diabetes on in it's head earlier, because it's much harder after a stroke. the stroke was the wake up call for me. don't let it be the wake up call for you. if you turn diabetes on it's head, you'll definitely avoid blindness, edema, kidney failure, by-pass surgery, obesity & the worst the second killer in the globe after heart disease, stroke. i don't want anyone to get stroke on their mid-thirtys. imagine if i managed to reverse my kidney functioning from 11% to 70%, in the late stage stages of diabetes after the stroke, imagine what you can do before a stroke. it would be great to hear your doctor say your blood tests are fantastic, you have no discolouration in your extremedies, no edema & don't need eye laser surgery to weld bleeding blood vessels in your eye, or you need to do surgery from removing scare tissue from too much laser surgery that's pulling on your retina. or eye injections, to seel bleeding blood vessels. your vision will improve substantially, & you might need a new prescription for glasses & come of insulin. just outweigh the benefits of controlling your diabetes in comparison to being reckless about your health. you'll be encouraged & motivated to continue with your diet & exercise. you can easily live to your 80s+ if you control your diabetes in the early stages of your life. believe me if i had a chance between getting 100 million dollars & having my health fully restored, i would choose to have my health fully restored. just look up the adam sandler film called click. because after a stroke it clicked to me that your health & family are the most important thing in life, followed by your career. for example you can still enjoy the good stuff every thursday in a restaurant or late night shopping. such as sushi for an entree, followed by yellow tai curry with a can of zero, & desert. at the end of each month you can go to the movies & have your popcorn ,zero or water. you can even go to crispy cream once a month for a coffee & a , after the movies. get creative . cinema once a month is reasonable, because there aren't many good movies & reasonable for diabetics.\ni dont know why i saw the thumbnail looking like spiderman !? too much, too complicated for evolution. when u eat excess simple carbs, the excess glucose converts to glycogen, triglycerides, cholesterol.these things make the blood thicker and heart need to work harder to push the blood around the body. my mom has a problem of high blood pressure. and the highest record is 200 mm hg yet so many still deny the existence of god.... the animation of this video is really amazing!! thank you ted-ed for always giving us precious lessons!!! now i'm terrified i'm someone who sometimes thinks to much about something and now this makes me think that the weird random pains in my legs and arms i sometimes get are blood clots i already do have blood flow problems like if i sit to long my feet swell up like water balloons and if i stand to long i can't feel my toes i was expecting low and high blood pressure not just high .. interesting though. why does nobody ever talk about low blood pressure? why don't health professionals see it as a problem? for those of us with hypotension it can cause permanent sluggishness and dizzy spells. surely that's not ok? it's not going to do me any good, but it's fun to watch. school education should be as awesome as this...i swear! of mercury? more proof of god's existence. how so? alternative title: \"how you will die.\" 0:35 so basically, blood pressure is the pressure produced by blood a high sugar diet can also increase blood. so why only blame salt? awful creepy voice. so you're saying i wasn't winning when my last reading was 174/112?\nwell that's disappointing. thank you for such informative video. i also know people who have \"low\" blood pressure and hope to see that condition being explained in the same manner one day. my bp is currently so low i'm on enforced bed rest and have to call an ambulance if i can't get it under control or i can't get the stabbing pains in my heart to stop after a few minutes of being upright. if i need the bathroom i have to crawl. this is doctor's orders. more help for low bp people needed! i have low blood pressure and was just about to comment this!! lol. logically i assume things would just work oppositely to how high blood pressure is explained, but who knows if that's the case since the body is so unique @max sara thank you @sheryl cascadden hi sheryl. my sister has low blood pressure and she started exercising lightly through swimming and biking. she takes a salt capsule when she feels bad: so, if she has a bad day she takes one to feel less light headed. you can find more information online. i hope you find a perfect treatment for yourself. @kebon whefghost american doctors are so focused on fixing high blood pressure (and high cholesterol) that most refuse to admit too low is even possible. a few days ago i had this question in mind, and today it was in my recommend\nthanks meaning well designed for the challenge.. easy to forget, but who ordains memory retrieval or even where it comes from- nice job good video this video immediately make anyone else want to eat some broccoli? lol how much does the animation cost? can i get an estimate plz. mine keeps going between 90/60 to 80/70 and rarely goes over 100 systole. thankfully i never had problems with high bp but i wonder why there has been one of the largest studies ever done that has shown that a low sodium diet is related to higher blood pressure and heart attacks. i have heard of the sodium thing being a \"common sense fallacy\" ie: common sense says sodium=water retention=higher blood pressure; but scientific studies don't support the assumption.\nthank you. amazing too see how god created us. thank you for sharing\nif your reading this i hope you have a great day and know. \"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.\" john 3:16 niv perfect design it's said that smoking cigarettes causes high blood pressure.\nit's amazing to see how hard the heart works when blood pressure goes up maybe relevant 30 years ago but need to update to latest research my mom has hypertension not because she's unhealthy in any way, but because she cannot handle her stress, and it's been like that for the longest time but she just won't chill the f down it sucks because i'm only 22 and high blood pressure. i'm not even overweight. the cause is due to genetics. anyways, i'm prescribed medicine that i have to take every single day. word to the wise: take care of your health and make sure to exercise. unintended misinformation, i'm sure. while it's certainly possible that salt will increase bp, more than likely it's a very low intake of potassium. we need over 4000 mg of potassium, daily. that's the equivalent of 7 to 10 cups of kale or leafy greens every day. well outside consumption of most people. however the fact remains that potassium flushes the body of salt and fluid. i like this video this is helpful for us to know and take care ourselves or our family morons! man = maniac z-- returned etc., italo = gaydom in japan! this is a really interesting, but really hard for me to watch. the diagrams and imagery is making my tripaphobia act up. nahh its okay i don't need to know my anxiety already had enough to work with i used to have a sedentary lifestyle till now (24 years of my life) , i would not take my body for granted ever again, when my each and every cell is working so much to keep me alive and healthy. my dad has a stent, but it's the shape of an umbrella skeleton. it's called a greenfield filter and the man who invented it put it in him. :p thank you guys. that was extremely helpful. excellent video. thanks. i did not expect this video to cause me such an anxiety and probably high-blood pressure too. this 4 minutes videos a lot information , thanks a lot i appreciate it awesome video! with ted-ed, i have fun while learning. it's mostly due to the remarkable animations! keep this up please! does anybody know the song in this video? amazing this gives me anxiety this is why exercise and a diet the avoids salt and cholesterol is good for your heart and arteries. do epinephrine and norepinephrine do the same job or they do the opposite things? this was brilliant! wow what a creation\npraise be to god the creator if you want to get rid of this problem you can take treatment from planet ayurveda. like this method of explanation animals also have complex organisms so we are all brothers and sisters. very good information and guidance. i also spoke about this on my channel \"hip hop nutrition\". https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucijrrrzd5jq-3gc9fp5ytea i have a high blood pressure. ( especially the bottom number ) i haven't changed anything and it wasn't like this a year ago or even a couple months ago. i had a perfect 120/80 just a couple months ago. i'm young and worried what is causing it. :( eating too much sodium filled foods possibly. fast food for example, contains tons of sodium and canned foods and processed foods too. check your daily intake and be sure youre not doubling the daily recommended amount of sodium in your diet. no thanks, glad i scrolled through the comments section and will not watch this vid. ignorance is strength) amazing content watching this makes my blood pressure goes up there is a supreme power somewhere that enables our body to function as it does. no matter how science tries to claim all the credit there's still some things that are beyond human understanding this video just freaked me out man.. wow that heartbeat sound makes me feel anxious and stressed i'm gonna be fair. this is interesting, but like i only understand 50% of it bc i don't know sht about the human body. still this video explains it very wel. good vid. brilliant. very informative and easy to understand! this video alone reduced the heart attack rate by some degree great vid is it just me or when you guys looked at the thumbnail did you first think it was a christmas video ted's content is amazing and it makes me sad its only available in english. a friend and can translate and edit the sound in content for kids. not for money. what do we need to do? wow, this was informative! can you show what happens after the clot shot? i hate the hart beat sounds what about low pressure? dear youtube .. or the parent company\"meta\" ...these are the videos you need to promote and increase the ad revenue for\n...\nor atleast as understooyby your mission statement\n#promethius this alone made me more scared of eating too much salt than any other warnings i recieved. can we get this in real measurements please? metric sucks great video. is stuff like this taught in high school? what about people who have low blood pressure?? over 59,000 miles\nalmost 2,000 gallons\n3.5-4.7 inches\n2.4 to 3 mercury 0:10 - \"if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body...\" - you'd be dead. with what we know about microbiology, why is the only option to open blood vessels to forcibly expand tight gaps? why can't the plaque and clot blockages be reduced naturally? are stents just an immediate necessity to allow time for this to happen? our bodys are so cool went for an unrelated procedure and found out my blood pressure was dangerously high at 175/114. four months and 17 pounds later and it's at a much less terrifying 124/78 and getting better all the time. don't wait until you get chest pains, get yourself checked. well, that covered high blood pressure...what about low blood pressure? i have had low blood pressure for a few years now, what causes that? walookie this explanation is so easy to understand, wow, what a mastery showcase of the expertise of this topic amazing god is the source of intelligence! this video only discusses one aspect of humans, but there are billions more creations out there which we can study deeply in order to imitate them for our own inventions. dr: so your blood pressure is pretty high.\nme: what?\ndr: 160.\nme: is that bad?\ndr: could be bad.\nme: my dentist said the same thing earlier; i did walk here, plus i've been very depressed lately, and very stressed. i also had an energy drink & some coffee. could it be any of that? should we do something?\ndr: ok, see ya later! =) im gonna die after watching this video thanks i'm 34 years old till now i didn't take any tablets for bp i have bp last 5 years,\nbut after using the planet ayurveda medicine now its control and normal. awesome explanation! i think if all problems or procedures could be explained in approximately this manner, and within this amount of time, it is more likely the person watching it will become more concerned and take the next step, whether that me lengthier literature on the subject, or setting an appointment for a visit to a doctor. this is great. do you have one on dysautonomia where none of this is your heart or arteries or diets fault? this information is outdated and misleading .the heart is not a pump. what heart is if not a pump?\na pump:\ndevice meant for moving fluids, solids and gases.\nalso purpose of heart:\n\"*pump* blood throughout your circulatory system\" \"they be,\" you lost all credibility to anything you said after that. i don't have any interest in listening to someone slang their way through technical information. f6 wow, that raised my anxiety level! my blood pressure was around 135/85, despite being thin, exercising and eating healthily. i eventually found out that i was eating too much salt, so i cut down and now it is 110/60. are we still sure about the salt? this video raised my blood pressure..... stents seems like they cause as much harm as good. or at least 50/50 i thought he was gonna say \"you would die\" at 0:06 if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body, you'd be dead af. not a word about low blood pressure. i feel i only heard half of the story. i have had 140 over 90 for years, i must be half dead at age 47 by heart beats 50 times a minute soooo they carry 7,500 litres of blood? no they don't, they carry 4-5 litres and no more. not the greatest start. no\naround 2000 gallons of blood goes through your heart a day. 2000 gallons is around 8000 litres.\nso its not incorrect. what is the horse power of heart that pump 100k miles ? i feel very valuable right now my blood pressure mines highest is 110 and lowest is 80 i am so happy that i saw that! now i have a great understanding of how my body works. high af watching this rn :3 i prefer atmospheres instead of mmhg depends.\nsometimes pumping physics require you to use mmhg. i am hyperventilating because of this video, why?. i don't know i feel weird somebody help 2.5 billion heart beats before death i read somewhere the average for animals was 1 billion hm brief but very useful review. thank you! nice great descriptions of atherosclerosis, heart attack, stroke, & angioplasty! ahhh the golden age of ted, when it was actual science and not obscure media angles and ideology. who would of thought it would turn into the near religious channel it is now so i'm guessing 163 / 108 is bad... yep, that's my bp pretty much every day. going to the gym about 3 days a week. still get out of breath really easily. cardio exercises, diet fixing, less salty food and eat more garlic my brother.walk as much as you can.peace! cool much easier to listen to at 1.25x speed. the messy squid booly sound because jacket ironically whistle anenst a teeny half-sister. steady, opposite liquid thank you so much for the beautiful very interesting video cool visualisation, very informative, thanx and to think the hospital i go to for a work injury has let me walk out multiple times with hypertension, just so my company won't have to pay for it in the end \"don't worry\". too late man, this night i'm gonna eat vegetables (salt-free) watching this gave me chest pains. put it in bald eagles we don't do drug dealer units of measurement. this blew my mind.\ni remember how i was mentally tired and stressed and all i wanted is a salty diet.\nnow, when order came into my life, i no longer crave salty snacks.\nwhat a fascinating system we have, that's amazing. wtf is a \"litre\" supposed to be litre is 100 centilitres or 1000 millilitres scariest video i've watched today. me, with low blood pressure.. :| and yet we still have people that don't believe in creation and the creator. very interesting animation <3.\ni have a question: why are supposedly healthy diets such as japanese diet or mediterranean diets high in salt? apparently heart diseases rate is quite low in these countries?\nso is salt really that bad? what if i consume 10g salt a day, but i eat a lot of fresh food and veggies high in potassium, and do regular exercise?\nand what if i also live in a hot and humid place where i get to sweat a lot?\nwould i still be fine? @shosho so what are you facing @ryan jack i don't have any of those. bruh, i got stressed just watching this. love it! this made me scared. without meds mine is 200/100 wow i learned a lot more from this video than my all my science teachers in high school if you can't afford a doctor,\nwhat foods can you eat to prevent plaque, tears, and blood clots? recommended? xd table salt alone does not raise blood pressure. it must be balanced with potassium and magnesium...most americans do not get enough of those 2 minerals....the true cause of h.b. for most is sugar and over-processed veg oil. the sugar industry and subsidized soy farming should be stopped...they are murderers. 2 of many killers in plain site. about the salt claim .. it only has a very temporary effect .. right after increasing the salt saturation .. it takes water out of the cells via osmosis .. but that evens out itself .. so claiming a salty diet increases the blood pressure in general is not true would be nice to know how to get rid of high blood pressure. excericing, relaxing and healthy diet helps in most of the cases could we cool it with heart beat sound effects? during entire video wtf when he said \"my arteries are well suited for the challenge\" but then he listed all the reasons for how my arteries can fail to live up to their calling and i'm just like... welp @ryan jack no thanks i had hypertension level blood pressure for years. my doctor finally told me to stop drinking caffeine. i went cold turkey on it and my blood pressure almost instantly dropped to normal levels. i went from 180/95 to 115/75. i feel great. but i do miss the caffeine boost at times. i tried that too. it didn't change my blood pressure at all. decaf i finally understand what the numbers mean when i get my blood pressure taken by the nurse! i'm scared now... i think i feel a little light-headed after hearing all this... pretty sure this video just raised my bp what about low blood pressure? thanks for scaring my stage 2 hypertension. now i need to go take my meds jesus, relax with the heartbeat noises. gives me anxiety lol ah i was hoping to know how a sphygmomanometer works. this is educational too. so let me get this straight.\n1. people are consuming a ton of salt everyday from their diet\n2. people consume caffeine daily that raises cortisol. which is linked to stress and increased epinephrine.\n3. so the high salt intake makes you retain water and thus increase the volume of blood flow.\n4. and daily caffeine intake that causes a production of epinephrine makes your blood passage narrow.\nsalt and caffeine everyday are the reason most people have heart attacks. because this combination increases blood volume while at the same time making the passage narrow. i've never understood blood pressure this much until now. great explaination. we are all lucky just to be alive when you think of it... fastest way to lower pressure? watching this video i learned about hemophobia :d 95,000 km long. hmm. me watching the video:\nbrain: \"this is some educational stuff, learn the process of how a stroke could happen and logically understand the anatomy of the human body..\"\nheart: *panik* the animation just awesome wow my bp is 198/147, is this ok?\ni'm confused by this video. kilometers and liters? thank you, i'll depart now. salt increases the blood volume? and therefore raises the pressure? that doesn't make any sense. what makes more sense is the salt makes the blood thicker / denser and therefore any attempt to compress it encounters more resistance. as blood pressure is measured by compressing blood vessels, thicker blood would create more resistance and have a net effect of requiring more pressure to compress the blood vessels. no design? anyone else feel limp and weak whenever they hear about stuff like this?? who translated this into simplified chinese? there are a lot of mistakes; for example, 2.5 billion is 25, not 250. wtf is a kilometer that stent is undersized :((( salt = restaurant food. cook your meals, all of them, always from basic ingredients. put always 1/4th of the sugar and salt they write in recipes and your blood will be in perfect shape. *tells me how i'm gonna die*\n*tries to play it off with a \"don't worry!\"* prosim, nech niekto toto vysvely \"expertovy\" zdravotnsva zo stupavy....ktoreho chrani hipokrit, a nie hypokrat thx my high blood pressure isn't unhealthy, it's just me going for a highscore. i feel faint. this taught me more than my a&p professor lol welp i'm scared of life now knowing i can die any minute 3:19 me in the toiler after eating taco bell do you eat nothing but food thats good for you? yeah i didnt think so. ive only met a very few people who eat anywhere close to healthy. drink water i like to make my doctors panic with a healthy 70/40 sometimes. really spices my day up title is \"how does bloodpreasure work\" the video does not explain that. this was superfiscal funfact. take aspirin people ok, i somehow never realized that a stent is a structural component. for the alogarithm can we take a sec to appreciate our own body? fancy animations aside, i still have no better understanding of what 140/90 mm hg means other than \"high blood pressure\".\nthis was pretty uninformative. please translate it to spanish!!! my blood pressure is 96/67 and bpm is 84 him be like: it will beat 2.5 billion times a year it sounds a lot but dont worry your body can easly handle it\nme: only 2.5 billon time a lifetime na thats not enough well my reading was 99 over 60 so i was wondering if i needed to be very cautious ooo amazing my average bp is ~280/180. my doctor claims its unhealthy, i claim shes just used to dealing with pussies with weak small hearts. ohhh buddy i just can't - your voice sounds like a machine gun fascinating to know how our long dna and blood vessels are contained so immaculately in our feeble bodies! this animator gives me major kurzgesagt vibes the angioplasty looks painful wrong, very wrong. you should finish the class. the intelligent child naturally tick because dish holoprosencephaly bat notwithstanding a possible look. bright, scary white what if their is blood clot in a different part of the body? the human body is an amazing \"machine\". that is why we should always do vyayama(exercise) amazing animation \" its over fatakin i have a high blood pressure\" thanks a lot, this vid raised my blood pressure we would have colonized mars in 90s only if school teaches like this i thought the \"salt\" story was old? as in: if salt increases osmotic preasure, so does sugar, and other things! and more recent research has shown that, for healthy individuals, salt (up to a certain point obviously) doesn't raise bloodpreasure significantly, while in people with high bloodpreasure, it does! in other words: it's more complicated than \"salt gives you high bloodpreasure\". yep. some people can consume sodium with no effect on their blood pressure, but for others even a slight increase in sodium intake wreaks havoc on the heart, and the kidneys' ability to regulate fluid. it doesn't apply in every case, and even it if does happen it varies in every individual. the claim can't really be made and yes, it is way more complicated than that. i'm using this opportunity to appreciate dr igudia on youtube for his herbs medication that i used in curing my diabetes disease this problem can be fixed very easily, for this we regularly need to eat , garlic, onion, ginger, and the arteries remain clean and elastic very informative yet very scary at the same time. dear stress, just go away. eating flaxseed is associated with reduced blood pressure in people with hypertension (high blood pressure), according to a study presented at the american heart association's scientific sessions no, salt does not contribute significantly to blood pressure, look it up! that is a myth that has been propagated for decades. i've used to have 200/140 blood pressure. now i am taking 1 pill every day and i am back at 130/80 i feel stress watching this. this made me feel real vulnerable. i am 21 years old and diagnosed with hypertension. i already watched this when i was not yet diagnosed. now that i am, this hits differently. try vialis and other stuff before you use betablockers even i got diagnosed with bp around the age of 20. i always thought i was the only one. you need to eat garlic every day, the more the better, but less until you get used to it and more and more over time don't take too much strain what ever you involved with unless you are damn sure about your blood flow there is something odd happening in my body, i sweat so much specially my head and also always have high blood pressure of +140 !!! eat well, move well, enjoy life. hiiiiiiiiiiiiii if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body, ... you would die. if you lined up your nerves from one side to the other you would die ()\nthis is the creation of allah. so show me what those other than him have created. rather, the wrongdoers are in clear error.\nholy quran\n(chapter 31- verse 11) alhumduallah imma start runnin now watching this with a 24hr blood monitor and suspected high blood pressure at 37 yrs old i thought i was healthy glorify the creator thank you soo much if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body...you would be dead! when people say, i learn more here than my school, they are completely wrong. because, this information is a little bit advanced, so you need to know the basic information. of course, there are several problems with the education system, but let us not ignore the fact that they prepared taught us the most fundamental things. how can you build a house without its fundament? been cured from herpes virus is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me and i thank god for using dr. igudia on youtube to cure me from this virus with his herbal medication. nice info my pressure is 89/55. kind of feels like i'm stuck between life and death but i don't feel bad. just feels like i don't belong here anymore. exceptional. nicely done. relax guys convinced me to take my blood pressure meds nice video sir, i got this problem so i took pitta balance from planet ayurveda which was very effective. thank you planet ayurveda. u just gave a death sentence to ur viewers tf my heartbeat rises as i am watching this i, me personally can testify to the usefulness of this , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) treatment solution.another treatment i've tested out aren't long-lasting in sustaining my blood pressure. there's no other therapy to choose from that fulfill what it affirms. following a couple of weeks, my blood pressure level has kept the 145/90 line. with perfect pressure its now working at 120/70. the , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) has helped me to lessen my blood pressure (exactly 20-point cut) for 2 weeks only of using it. nevertheless, workout for around thirty five minutes daily is required in order for information to be useful. the opinion i have now is significantly content mainly because my blood pressure is below the border line. how will doctor come to know that where the blood is blocked? = glory be to god i went to bed on 22:00 pm to sleep, yet i am writing this comment on 2 am. needs hypotension rep. shout out to us exhausted people. so people with high blood pressure can suffer a brain stroke ? damn, i have high blood pressure, love salty foods & take daily medication for hypertension but not one doctor has explained the effects or consequences so well as this short video. thank you for this video. sugar & carbohydrates is the real deal. try include vitamin e & fishoil. yeah, definitely take it seriously. my father had the same issues with chronic hypertension, needed to avoid salt at all costs. he still ended up dying of a heart attack at an early age, even while restricting salt. that said, i honestly, i don't think salt should always be blamed. i eat more salt than a family of 5, literally pour it onto stuff, and have healthy blood pressure. the real difference i think is my father ate a bunch of junk food and was very overweight (lots of cakes and things like that). people like to demonize salt but there's plenty of research out there contradicting the (over) demonization of salt.\n*everyone is different, some people are very sensitive to salt and some require a lot more than others- experiment with new diets and see what happens. medication don't treat the cause, just the symptom to stay healthy you have to thin your blood with healthy vegetable garlic and onion should be also included potato chips + stress = dead\n- ted-ed why did i smoke and how did i get to this video? 2:00 why, if it hinders blood flow then that is not good, why do the body do this??? subhanallah. tedx is basically replacing all the biology colleges and schools and giving us the knowledge that is enough to beat a junior in college. all praise to our creator. the one who created man in the best form. god is great! i shouldn't see this videos about circulatory system, it gets me tense and nervous i think youtube is trying to tell me something this is the only ted video i've liked. do more like this. what is the water retention of salt ? idk why i laughed at this 3:42 bruh \"stress can increase blood pressure\"\n*starts stressing about increasing blood pressure* breath in breath out. breath in breath out. breath in breath out. and relax. this will help you. @jhaydee e. yes but i'm still alive what? is that true? hahahaha k8678nhi but tell me how do the doctors identify which vein is clotted?? since those are thousands of them. angiograms with iodine dye have they not, then, traveled on earth so that they should have had hearts to understand with, or ears to listen with? the fact is that it is not the eyes that turn blind, but what turns blind is the hearts contained in the chests\n22 al - hajj vers 46 thanks now i can feel pain in a heart beat pattern through my hands watching this raised my blood pressure. pretty girls and inept people make it skyrocket. sunsets and fine single malt even it out. done. , . i've been\ndealing with hi b p for some time now. this video has been a great help to \" clearly \" explain what's going on thank you such depth and intricate our bodies are but a big bang for sure created us it's amazing to see how it all works together. and scientists wanna say we happened by accident haha. thank you jesus for your creation. what about low blood pressure? yup, the human body can be 99% healthy but you only need 1% of the body to fail or become diseased/damaged to die. anyway, have a nice day!!! after watching the entire video, my blood pressure is now at 150/100, and my ears are ringing. thanks again, youtube! i swear i learned more from youtube than i do in college. shoutout to the kidneys and raas too why do i get light headed or feel weak watching videos about blood or anything medical \"but don't worry, your arteries are well suited for the challenge.\"\nleading cause of death in the western world: heart disease the heart is not a pump... mcdonald's does not approve of this message! well, now i'm freaked out! extrapolating the math for a regular heart rate might give an answer of 2.5 billion beats over 70 years, but the actual average amount of heart beats for a human is more than double that at over 5 billion beats during an average lifetime. this is what 1 billion years of evolution produces. the question is, how to remove that plaque? thank you, god. in this video you explain what blood pressure is and about high blood pressure, but what about low blood pressure? after all that, you're telling me not to worry. eat a bunch of garlic and you have nothing to worry about if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body .. you would die. i didn't know i needed this knowledge but i do this video is a horror video in itself, and its not even a horror i don't eat enough vegetables. this video is giving me anxiety. i need to exercise. best explanation i have seen. thank you. i always feel uncomfortable whenever i hear the sound of a heart beating xd *interstellar* same doctors feel stressed when they don't hear a heartbeat how does your body manage when you lose/donate blood? do the tubes constrict because there is less blood in your body until it replenishes? or does the blood thin out? thank you so much like a bloody storm maza aagya dekh ke this has taught me more about what blood pressure is than any doctor i have ever asked..... wonderfully made by god for god's glory great video, but the horrible music is driving me nuts\n0:10 this is me when i go outside on lsd i feel wierd after that. like if every second something might go wrong there is a book out \"the salt fix\" and it speaks of the science around this hypothesis and how it is leaving us under consuming salt. strange times. @jeff orso-richmond under consuming sodium? interesting.\nsalt increases blood pressure by retaining water, removing salt from the body is key to clearing fluid buildup in abdomen and lower limbs in, say, for example, cirrhosis. an entire class of pharmaceuticals is based on the (sound) theory that sodium retains water and raises blood pressure. @shrikanth pai you explain away evidence that doesn't fit your conformation bias. i am not here to defend \"my side\" but brining forth other evidence. you don't want to consider otherwise. that is fine. but, good day. @jeff orso-richmond i was expecting that argument. you have to separate the physiological attributes of humans from the civilizational features. we are unique in a lot of ways but it's mostly because of our adaptation to a civilized way of life. not necessarily because our biological makeup demands it. a few thousand years ago, humans that lived a few hundred kilometres away from the seas wouldn't have consumed salt their entire lives, i imagine. their intake of sodium would have been from natural sources just as for other minerals that are part of our diet today. unless there is evidence that humans could not survive away from the coast like some other species. @shrikanth pai we are also the only animal that cooks. most animals seek salt in the wild, so our actions make sense in the larger picture. i mean we need salt for a lot of things, add to that our propensity for sweating and you have a salt hungry/needing mammal. under consuming salt is quite odd considering humans are the only species that add salt to their diet. and to almost everything they consume. natures biological engineering at its finest...beat that mit i should really change my diet...\n!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i have a 10/6 blood pressure, what that means? @jarski l here in brazil, were i live, we say like that, but should really means 100/60 then what unit is that 10/6?\nnever heard of that way to show blood pressure\nu sure its not 100/60\nits lowest \"normal\" blood pressure what about a pressure in between 120/80 and 140/90 mg hg? is it normal or not? \"food can't fill the hole in your heart\"\nwell no, but actually yes @khoiruunisa rf food is made out of substances inside it @khoiruunisa rf r/woooosh it's the substances inside the food, not the food iteself.. this is the kind of video that educates and freaks you out at the same time, i love it. exactly lol after fainting after getting vaccinated yesterday due to low blood pressure, it feels like a good time that youtube recommended this for me today @jamo no it's those pigeons ... those are not pigeons they are drones of illuminati.... and google works for illuminati and so does youtube.\njk bro i agree with you i finally know how high blood pressure can cause a stroke.\nrip aunt bea this answered a lot of my questions...like when people check blood pressure why are there 2 different numbers? great video- i owe you :) i thought this was kurztgesaht alas, i wish you covered the positive and negative effects of cardiovascular exercise and strain from over exertion. i'm a lifelong cyclist and wonder about the damage i've done over the years. wait adhd animated this?\nunexpected here's a question then:\nexplain when you get mad and start to tense up your muscles, you'd see your blood vessels almost pop out of the skin.\nfor you see i suffer from chronic stress. i learned so much from this video! and now i want to eat healthier. the human body is simultaneously an engineering marvel and an engineering nightmare that barely works the human body is no more an engineering marvel than any other animal. blood pressure, etc., is not unique to us! i disgree on nightmare point. barely works ? it works extremely well even if a hundred things go wrong. it still does everything to cope up and keep itself alive. human body is such a marvel. funny how this got recommended to me the day after i found out my bp is 160/110. i'm scared couldn't finish watching. anything heart and blood related makes me light headed and on the verge of fainting. fun fact: if you lined your blood vessels out in front of you, youd die i listened to this vid on 1.5x speed. perfect! normal speed was so slow and anger inducing that it was making my blood pressure go up! my grandma smith had a angioplasty bc she had blood clots so she had to have it she had 2 cardiac arrests in 2017 what happens during workout when the heart rate is high? it is known that stressed induced by workout does in fact raise the systolic blood pressure. does it condition the arteries and veins to be able to take that pressure while maintaining the passage width? or does that cause wear and tear and cause constriction? i can feel my heart looking at my soul while watching this video that was a fun video incredible i.. i'm not going to eat salt anymore oh darling...i'm not worried at all, thanks. i'm not afraid of dying... we've all got to go sometime. why should i be afraid of dying? there's no reason for it..... i can't fell my heart watching this video tell what do u think.... did the soul come first or did the body get formed then the soul got put into it? my mother has hypertension and everyday over 140/90 bp. plus it even gets way higher. i am scared. we don't have the money to treat her nor the strength to sustain emotionally. the sound of the heart was really scary. lol am i the only one who gets heart problems whenever i watch anything about the heart? i was sent to the hospital after i went to the gynecologist because my blood pressure was extremely high thank you, well presented man, i wish youtube and these channels existed when i was a kid. as a kid the only knowledge we got was whatever our school gave us, which even in pdhpe was very little. you could have at least told us ways to unclog our arteries to jackass! now we're all going to die! why does it look like a kurzgesagt video great explanation u r amazing....thak u sooo much actually i understand it very clearly best explanation of blood pressure ever. i remember fainting and it was due to low blood pressure.. now i know what happens :d i was gonna order burger king but i guess i'll just eat veggies and fruits today thanks i'd like to thank my heart and arteries for working hard day and night\ni'm sorry for the salty stuff i ate i'll watch what tongue is up to\ni remember someone goes 'it's insane how we depends on a small organ (heart) to keep going, what if one day it just get tired and call it a quit'\n03172607892 03482853326 it's like i can feel my veins and arteries after watching this video anyone else here with postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome? and the most messed up blood pressure ever? 0:26 that should be in ml not liters, theres no way its 7500 liters what happenes of i have both high and low blood pressure why this wasn't told to us at our school. so informative try taking a few small breathes through your nose then relax and pump your stomach or chest muscles lightly and watch you numbers drop. light pressure in and relaxing any tension will do the trick. think pressure. proprietary medical proffesion captilazing over our health. ada, fda, meh. i have spent my entire life trying to understand blood pressure fractions. i thought we were looking for a good ratio this entire time isn't it amazing how surgeons can carry out angioplasties and other similar procedures these days?! my heart is going with the same beat with that beating heart in this video. very informative video on blood pressure. my uncle was also suffering from this disease. but after taking sarpagandha ghan vati. his bp level is fine now. 70 a min? i was told i have a resting heartbeat of 49 or 59 a min when i started to cough seriously i was thinking it was caused by cold till i was diagnosed of pulmonary fibrosis. it was progressive and so painful, i spend so much on trying to get rid off it but nothing happened till my friend told me about *madida herbal center* which i google about them and i saw their website and massive reviews about their herbal service. i place an order and they did send me the herbal medicine which the doctor instructed me to use for 1 month. so happy right now i am cured completely after using the herbal medicine, herbal medicine is a blessing on our path. my father had remained high bp for many years. he was taking allopathic medicines. then i advised him to start exercises and to use the hypertension care pack of planet ayurveda instead of using so much allopathic medicine. 2:39 this process raised my blood pressure the 95,000 km long thing just doesn't seem possible at all. i know i've heard this or similar figures several times but just can't accept it. great video, but i kinda wish they'd explored the effects of low blood pressure, like dizziness and fainting, because our bodies are constantly working in both directions to strike a balance between the two this is no knowledge the wandering pharmacist chronically retire because meter conventionally name towards a glistening glorious octagon. pathetic, detailed sweatshirt it feels like i've become cardiologist after seeing this. this video is just perfect!!! it makes the complex subjects insanely simple&clear!!! tha animations are wayy too good and everything is in its exact place where it should be!!! literally its has been my dreammm to get classes by animation videos to understand! i wish i had find out about this amazingggggg channel before effective herbal medication to get rid of kinds of virus visits the website on https://drwondersherbalhome.com/ or call or whatsapp the following number +1 (319) 5593535 one area we don't see any medico speaking is about insulin levels - as i would say an imbalance in insulin level is the key reason for causing a heart attack. - i think we all should listen to dr. natasha campbell (ted - please get her on ted talk if not already done).\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7oqt1shf9w&list=pld7wfhlynosugx0lemsb3t7amsbcmjdvk\nthere are 3 videos in the series and we should listen to them all.\nremember the gut feeling is the strongest.. its the gut that's the most critical organ to watch for in our body as well - mother or father of all diseases and all cures. not one word about the discovery of nitric oxide, which robert f furchgtt won a nobel prized in 1989 for. if you eat green leafy veggies, you get nitric oxide and this keeps your arteries flexible. in the usa you only hear about drugs from your doctor. it's a crime. my age 27 last wednesday i had panic attack which raised my bp 210/116 because i thought i have a corona and my lungs are collapsed but it was all my thoughts then the corona reports came normal and my bp too i wish you would have discussed low blood pressure too. i know that high blood pressure is much more common nowadays, but i have low blood pressure that sometimes causes orthostatic intolerance and pots symptoms in the short-term, and i do wonder how that could affect me in the long term too. same and unlike with high blood pressure, i am actually required to eat salt to raise my blood pressure. i wish that too since i deal with low blood pressure too eat something, you are welcome same!\ni was sleeping for past 3 days because of that and then youtube recommended me this video same. i also suffer from low blood pressure and it sucks, makes you feel very weak. it's really hard to find information about it online. blood pressure problems are caused due to constipation.our body has 9/10 air passages with air movement (nose,mouth,urinary track,etc) and the blockade caused in any one of these causes to multiple blockades which causes the blood pressure problem.\n-ancient indian almost forgotten knowledge now i am parnoid over my arteries getting clogged thank you. it was very informative. god exists. no, that is not a jump in logic. this is why a plant based diet should become a norm 2:28 right so that animation has me frightened i'm experiencing this now so i'm going to get healthy i don't want to get a stroke .. you covered high bp but neglected to discuss low bp, which is just as bad. buy poocoin click this (vvv) at 3 am on full screen with headphones and loud volume (just don't burst your eardrums)\n1:53\nthen click \"read more\" after.\nboo!\nhaha, gottem! i watched 30 videos this is the best bcoz you guys explained here how the walls get narrow, none of the videos explained this , this is what real knowledge is wow this animation was amazing. visual learners appreciating this everywhere. i am the all learner, master of all with an aptitude towards the perfect combination of the types, just like you! the presentation reminds me of kurzgesagt. it's not them though, description points to animation domination. i will not disagree\ni am myself despite having add and talking somewhat quickly, when i'm trying to explain something in a similar fashion, i am able to slow down my words and using arm and hand gestures which is a natural thing for me when explaining stuff, i would be able to do the same thing but without the idea of the video, but i like when things that might sound complicated originally to anyone who knows what it is but has never really learned about it, videos like this make it to me, i like seeing videos like this that despite how possibly complicated something might seem at first, a video like this explains it in a very simple manner and if there are videos i come across on youtube that i think we're going to do that i save them to my watch later list and i actually like learning about and watching stuff even if i don't remember it because my short-term memory is not that great, i like to know that i'm going to learn about something i don't know at all or knew about but not how it works, and i like to watch videos like this because again even if i forget, i learned something and it was explained it to me in a much more simplistic manner. @o k no! i'm one of the humans that also learns by doing! everybody is a visual learner. literally every human being is ...but pressure makes diamonds guys i think im gonna die . i dont eat healthy stuff does anyone know why i could have such bad circulation and always almost completely out of breath , and yet my bp is nearly perfect ?\ni just don't understand that .... wow! such a fantastic video! from the voice over to the information. i like he said pipes so i am now more aware how my body works' and ready for my biology exam tomorrow. can't be the only one who got sad that the video ends pls do more guys it's amazing brilliant. what a fantastic explanation. ted, i love you. my grandfather had heart problems throughout his entire life, and when he passed away recently, they said he had so many stents that they couldn't fit any more. my dad has a few stents too, so i hope that it will not develop for me!\nthank you for the informative video! so by staying healthy and exercising, will it keep the blood pressure at a normal level and prevent it from happening? and if my dad were to start exercising and staying healthy, could the plaque be removed naturally without putting more stents in? i'm not sure if anyone will answer this due to the age of the video, but if you do, thank you! perfecttttttttttt <3 my school work video ahahah thank you soo very much for making this soo simple to understand in such a wonderful way anyone tested out the hybetez remedy (just google it)? i've noticed several awesome things about this high blood pressure secret remedy. if anyone is interested in top cure for high blood pressure the greatest success that i have had was by using the wilfs calmer plan (just google it) - definately the most helpful resource that i've followed. thinking about the blood pressure, i ended up with high blood pressure human medicine has come such a long way! imagine how 200 years ago procedures like angioplasty probably didn't exist i just luv this animation!! it reminds me of modern art, yet i'm struggling to remember what the name of the artist is!!!! this is the best video about blood pressure in youtube among all the probable bandana basally listen because fruit intialy interrupt minus a limping cheek. overrated, aggressive news whose blood pressure went high during video. very impressive and easy to understand!! i don't andertent anything wtf i'm actually sitting in the er because my bp decided to go erratic the last few days. time for _another_ med change. p.s. got a stent a year ago. i have to monitor mine daily. doesn't help i have high cholesterol, and i'm not even 150lb. i don't have heart problems per say. i do, however, have kidney issues. i was put on blood pressure medicine when i was about 10. well done sir,\nfor your time, courage... are you ok now buddy? <3 high blood pressure is genetic. my grumpy grandfather went into the emergency room for low blood pressure in his 80's and smoked a pipe and chewed tobacco most of his life. but he was also unfiltered. made it to 93 dying from alzheimer's. my maternal grandfather was a kind and caring man, but also a worrywort and heavy cigarette smoker until he was 68 when he quit. he made it to 75 dying from an aortic aneurysm, but 15 years after having a stroke and 50/50 chance of survival. how do the doctors find that particular place of nerve to operate? hello sir.. your video is really informative and this information was very useful improving his condition.. along with these food products i along started planet ayurveda medication for him.. and the combination worked like miracles.. excellent...very well explained video! i have experienced high blood pressure & taking dr ugs ever since i was twenty six years of age. of all the so-called treatment i have tried using, , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) certainly is the one that has proven to work with my blood pressure levels. in just a month of adhering to the instructions in the book, there wasn't any sort of need for me to take all of my prescription medication.. i have previously had hypertension & getting drug treatments from the time that when i was 26 years of age. of all of the treatment i've tested out, , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) is definitely the one that has proven to work with my blood pressure. within a thirty day period of adhering to the tips in the guide, there wasn't any sort of desire for me to consume each of my medication.. i started out following this blood pressure level treatment , notov shocking plan (go ogle it) recently and also have already found an optimistic enhancements made on my blood pressure! it has stabilized my blood pressure, no question about that. i have noticed major betterment in just twenty days of applying this strategy. 5 more days went by and my pressure is at the normal stage at 120/55... im using this to show my patients, great video. thank you school watch katherine longford's \"spontaneous\" and see what happens when there is a lot of blood pressure really amazing staying flexible under pressure if your watching these videos for a quiz o recommend speeding them up to 1.5-2x to cram lol alhamdulillah my beats for natasha! this may be weird but i workout about 5 times a week. sometimes tho like now i counted my heartbeat and it was 90 a minute. bare in mind i'm 15. i'm not overweight and i don't eat a lot of salty foods. maybe i was a bit stressed? don't worry, that's very normal actually... the heart beats rate increases when under strenuous activity like workouts god's amazing design...just wow please help me.\ni have hyperhydrosis in palms and feets.\ndoes it affect my blood pressure ay cox qsngdi what about low blood pressure?? everytime nurses measure my blood pressure they always ask me \"do you feel dizzy?\" because it is too low oh so this is why hypertension is really dangerous, its nice to know ....i can't believe people are actually arguing about the existence of god under a video like this. side note, we are not perfect creations, far from it, so yeah... yes. i needed this. i've been wanting to know about blood pressure since i've been confused about how high and low it should be\ni like human biology, so this was perfect i'm wondering why did they choose to use green instead of blue? it's sad that we dont really appreciate our body and harm it with fast food and being lazy etc.. how could complex life just evolve like this?\ninteresting to see how the human body works. this was good so turn off yt and get some sleep you hypertensive addicts. i'm 18 years old and i have about 150/100 mmhg.. the highest blood pressure ever recorded in my life. youtube recommending me everything about blood is like the old man who rambles everything about world war 2 when you just ask him who was president then\nof course they're still great videos though, even if i won't use most of the information i'm watching in them lol my heart got a bit more pressured after watching this people should understand the difference between nacl and salt. i have hypertension i am scared https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m89ufjtvusa&t=988s\nblood pressure subhanallah this sounded like a war inside my body. like gunshots and cannons. phewww. but amazing video and explanation as always. very educational why it was not there when i was studying nursing..now that i have 1st yr students under me..this video is helping me a lot to help them understand the blood flow. i'm so happy, i never believe i will be this happy again in life, i was working as an air-hoster for 3years but early this year, i lost my job because of this deadly disease called herpes virus (hsv), i never felt sick or have any symptom, till all workers were ask to bring their doctors report, that was how i got tested and i found out that am hsv positive that made me loose my job, because it was consider as an std and is incurable disease, i explained to a friend of mine, who always said to me a problem share is a problem solved, that was how she directed me to dr abumere , that was how i contacted him and get the medication from this doctor and i got cured for real, for similar issues contact this herbal doctor via doctorabumrer6@gmail.com you can also whatsapp/call +2349021975055... for a long time (approximately 2 years), i was keeping up with my treatment to take care of my blood pressure not right up until this month i stumbled upon about this remedy. the doctor has affirmed it too. really dont need to take the medication previously prescribed to me. using google to get this tip. name of this guidebook is jason cnobroke\ngood luck this blood pressure level treatment is very clear, succinct, and straightforward to read. within just 2 nights, i was able to get all details i required from this. i have monitored outcome since i have started on it. on the thanksgiving, i had it at 148/98 and within just thirty days i lowered it further to 116/78. i researched about this guide on google. it calls jason cnobroke\ngood luck its so good to know some basic function of our human body which we take for granted. thankx for this video who decided 120/80 was normal for everybody, and what did they base that on? for natural treatment/control . free consultation for diabetes,hypertension, thyroid, weight management, contact/whatsapp 9810016673 actually, i really like your voice i feel so out of breath while watching this video my heart is bad, both from genetics and because of poor diet. i could have a heart attack any moment with the amount of pain i feel in my chest right now, lego jojo lego jojo shut up lego jojo lego jojo lego jojo lego jojo lego jojo lego jojovlego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojovlego jojolego jojolego jojo lego jojo lego jojo lego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojolego jojo lego jojo lego jojo lego jojo well that was a scary video, smh. a colleague closed to me have used also this blood pressure level solution i recently found on the internet. just before, his blood pressure was at 158/120. the outcome of this program can be seen instantly specially if you eat the ideal food items. after two weeks, he has noticed a gradual reduction in his blood pressure to 128/84. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this tip. name of this guide is jason cnobroke\nhope as someone who's diagnosed with hypertension i felt very perplexed while watching this i'm gonna die of a heart attack. this guideline is very easy to read and fully understand. i simply needed two nights (few hours) of looking at the guide to fully get a handle on the guidebook. i've monitored final results ever since i started out into it. on the thanksgiving holiday, i had it at 148/98 and within four weeks i lowered it further more to 116/78. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this guidebook. it calls jason cnobroke\ngood good narration and animation. hehe watching this for a school assignment go brrrrrr i have had heart problems & getting drugs ever since when i was 26 years of age. of all the so-called solution i've tried out, this guide certainly is the one that has shown to work on my blood pressure level. within a calendar month of sticking with the recommendations in the book, there wasn't any sort of desire for me to take every one of my drugs.. i researched about this tip on google. this guidebook is jason cnobroke\ngood luck a 20-point decline in my blood pressure level was the result of this 2-week blood pressure levels remedy. nevertheless, exercise for approximately thirty-five minutes daily is required in order for information to be useful. all round, i find myself healthier ever since my blood pressure is less than my normal.. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this guide. name of this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nthanks i was content with each of the outcome i see. this treatment plan that i implemented has got my blood pressure level to 152/92 at my medical exam at a healthcare center. it has then returned my blood pressure to a safe stage after i had used it. i employ this to handle my hypotension. it performs outstanding!. i researched about this guide by google. name of this tip is jason cnobroke\nall the best this video made me feel sensitive like i'm hurting my blood vessels you would have been finish within 40 seconds mine is mostly low, and i feel like doing absolutely nothing, but with big desires to have the oposite so i can do my activities and needs don't know why im watching this im a hypochondriac and its just making the anxiety worse why does my blood pressure change so greatly from morning to night? and, from day to day? didn't get anything out of this video. after the vid...\nme: *i-i don't feel so good* at my youthful age at 26 years old, i have already begun consuming drug treatments to cope with my high blood pressure problems. this is the 1st high blood pressure solution which has ever really worked to decrease my pressure the natural way. the prescription drugs prescribed to me to have were not of used anymore after having a calendar month of following this guideline. i researched about this tip on google. it calls jason cnobroke\nbest i literally love ted-ed they are such angles ...bless the ted-ed team!!!!! not a while ago, in reality only just few days had surpassed, i attempted to put into action this blood pressure treatment solution and advancement followed straight away. it has stabilized my blood pressure, no question about that. in the limited time of 20 days, my blood pressure levels decreased. 5 more days and nights passed and my pressure is at the normal stage at 120/55... using google to get this guide. this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nbest i had high blood pressure and took treatment to keep it for 2 many years, however i began making use of this blood pressure plan that i found on the internet a few weeks back. medical doctor told me blood pressure level is returned to normalcy and i don't need to put income into medicine for hypertension level.. i researched about this tip on google. it calls jason cnobroke\nbest my friend asked me to lookup this guide on the internet. his blood pressure level was stroke level 158/120. throughout the help of the program and eating nice and clean, it was able to reduce swiftly normal again. it has slowly and gradually dropped and fourteen days later with much healthier eating his blood pressure is 128/84.. do you often use google? yes, use it to know more about this tip. name of this guide is jason cnobroke\nbest i was delighted by all the final results i find. this treatment plan that i followed has got my high blood pressure to 152/92 during my examination at a medical care clinic. once i obtained a fresh supply and started out utilizing it again i discovered my blood pressure level come back to normal. i utilize this to control my high blood pressure. it performs superb!. do you use google? yes, use it to know more about this guidebook. name of this guidebook is jason cnobroke\nbest try to beat me: 102/44 very nicely explained i have previously had high blood pressure & getting medicines ever since when i was twenty six years of age. of all of the treatment i've experimented with, this guide certainly is the one that has shown to work on my high blood pressure. in just a four week period of adhering to the recommendations in the book, there wasn't just about any desire for me to take all of my drugs.. do you use google? yes, use it to know more about this guidebook. it calls jason cnobroke\nbest we are pressure machines. what is the best product or brand to cleanse your high blood pressure issue inherently ? i read plenty of good opinions on the net about how exactly hybetez remedy can assist you treat your high blood pressure issue inherently . has anybody tested out this high blood pressure treatment? i check my bp daily manually, it's been years i am doing it. to my surprise, this morning my bp was 83/135. how can it be? i checked my bp 3 times, same result, the top number was much lower than the bottom number. how can this be? i am worried.\nwhen i got up this morning i felt not wanting to live, i took a 10 minute walk outside and i developed a pounding headache and lot of pressure in my head, so i thought, i have high bp usually, 145/80 or 90 but today was 83 over 135. should i worried? hopefully you checked the machine to ensure you were reading it right...and also saw your dr since then. whats the outcome update? hope all is well now. amazing job i can't thank god for even existing for a second. i'm too complex i wish teded would have been my biology teacher at school then surely i would have been a qualified surgeon . @gadi susheel sundar relax, nobody knows all those books by heart. it's like with any subject - around 20-40% is the absolutely crucial information, that's what most people store. another 20-30% are remembered vaguely but they know roughly about it and where to find the info. the rest is more or less forgotten. once a doc is actually working as an assistant (and with experience later a real doc), he specializes in one main topic. around 60-80% of cases are about the same handful of issues and for the rest he needs to go back to the books or mostly colleagues with experience.\nnot saying there's not a lot to study - there definitely is and sometimes you get real challenges with some patients. but i'd go as far as saying that everybody with the drive and will to actually be a doc and study for some years and work their asses off as an assistant doc, can do it. provided you have an average intelligence level at least and of course not have two left hands, then chances are pretty good you can be a doc\nof course you don't go to a prof and discuss with them based on some internet knowledge lol. that's the same in every profession. nobody does that in their right mind other than complete noobs @the1duiguy i agree, a good teacher is kind of an artist and can make a world of difference. i've seen it first hand. it can go as far as having someone that's not interested at all to being very invested in the topic @the1duiguy its a lie, a curious student doesn't need someone else @mlarios97 true @heman rocks yes, it is, but who'll explain people like these xd you should not restrict your salt intake. in fact you might even have to to increase it. over centuries people have been eating loads of salt because fridges weren't invented and people relied on salt-based fermented foods to preserve their food. naturally their salt intake could easily have been 3 times or more than what it is today, and high blood pressure wasn't as prevalent as it is today. so what's contributing to high blood pressure if it's not salt? well, it could be various factors such as high cortisol, high intracellular calcium, low intracellular magnesium, vit d deficiency and many others.... another important factor is potassium. the sodium potassium pump is dependant on a ratio of low sodium outside the cell, to high potassium within the cells. this balance ensure proper water balance and mineral transportation. potassium levels have deffinately dropped over the last century because of a decline in fruits and vegetables in the diet. thanks to refined foods, sugars and junk foods. so with the decreased potassium levels, the sodium potassuim pump is ineffective and causes 'cellular swelling'. water pushes into the cells. in order to restore the functionality of the pump, doctors said 'you must reduce your salt intake!'. now your pump is working! but unfortunately now you're also deficient in both sodium and potassium, placing extra stress on your kidneys. what doctors should be telling most patients today, is to increase their potassium levels by eating more fruits and vegetables! the latter also contains high levels of vit c, mg, calcium which is essential for maintaining blood pressure levels. adequate vit d ensures that your calcium gets absorbed into the bones and prevents calcium from accumulating and blocking your arteries. 'if you're interested you can read the scientific book 'the salt fix', by a leading cardio scientist and researcher. don't be scared of salt. be scared of low potassium levels. additional or unused sodium is easily excreted by the kidneys into the urine. we sweat salt, we cry salt and all our cells are bathing in a solution high in salt. too much salt doesn't hurt our kidneys as much as a high protein diet with that's not digested properly. this causes high uric acid and places much more stress on the kidneys. the kidneys has to neutralize all this acid..... actually food was rarely preserved even in the past, salt was a luxury until the 1900s, it was rarely used to preserved food, and mainly the rich did it when harsh winters came\nbut the majority of people didn't use salt, as it was to expensive this is exactly why i loooooooove science! the wire thing made me feel weird that i almost got scared best way to get blood\nhttps://youtu.be/ut4cem1iwqy ahmad jarbou in other words, your own body can kill you damn, im gonna die. stress: bad\nme after watching video :stress just got a physical and my blood pressure is 109/78. i am good baby. i exercise 5 days a week and eat tons of veggies everyday wonderful video! great work the best part of ted ed videos is the voice. #scientist #cardiologist #drbmhegde says heart doesn't pump blood but its twist the blood, it movement swirls the blood , heart twists the blood. that artificial heartbeat gives me anxiety nice animation! no wonder it's made by fox... never eating salt again i hate that \"oxygen\" at 0:28 is drawn like chemists usually draw water the video does not explain how blood pressure works except for the heart and blood vessels. blood pressure is crucial for other organs to function properly. how? we don't learn anything about that... allah hu akbar!!! absolutely brilliant video this video raised my blood pressure and my heart rate. thank you this guy explains better than my university anatomy 101 teacher now who is sayin' that they are unlucky?? at 1:18\nwhy did the earth looked like recoloured icon of kurzgezagt in a nutshell wont recommend using an earphones it's strange how much living organisms live inside me just to keep me alive while i sit in front of my pc for 14 hours daily @gencturk92 try the earthing treatment. @tomioka giyu my blood pressure was between 139/80 - 142/88, does exercise reduce it ? try earthing,it's good for almost all health problems, go diy a grounding mat,pillow or sheet yourself. this talks about why high blood pressure happens but i constantly have low blood pressure and it makes me go faint sometimes and i wanna know how that works too! so, the plumbing system and drainage have to be perfect *turk yok mu la?* don't understand high cholesterol keto people. doesn't make sense th gid in this \"syut weebly\" (g it) high bld prssr ptin is vry sy t rd nd flly grsp. i just ndd 2 nights (fw hurs) f rding thrugh th guidbk t ttlly gt gd t th gid. i'v mnitrd utcm sinc i strtd t n it. n th thnksgiving, i hd it t 148/98 nd within just fur wks i dcrsd it vn mr t 116/78. 0:11 ... you would die. watching this video & with other things i have learnt from nature in my lifetime, i have justone thought in my head: nature is the perfection of technology. everything in nature provides the template for everything man has invented. nature is wonderful feel like i could get my doctors license from watching these i have low blood pressure issues. so salt it is excellent subhanallah! i've had my blood pressure over 223/109\nand blood sugar of 240\ni'm only 14, so i have no clue how this even happened those beats salt only retains liquid of you are insulin resistance. salt does not cause high blood pressure. all specialists know this #very informative and then there are atheists who think all this happened by chance! if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body, you would go to prison for a very long time what did _you_ do to deserve this body? nice video i understnd by watching this video god is amazing so much detail in our body's thank you, my body. u work really hard it scared me when he said, the clot could be caused by stress. @existentialchaos so .. good to know; you can look after your cardio-vascular health and get help for your anxiety. then what if you have an anxiety disorder? then, you will be more at risk for it, and you will also worry over it because of your anxiety. that's if you have chronic hypertension,,, which you don't have,,, makes you stress even more jeff bezos has more money than your heart will beat in your life time. the animation is like kurgezagt ikr\ncheck out my youtube for good content how a mere piece of flesh (heart) can be so efficient! the animations in this are amazing wow i'm surprised i didn't find this channel sooner my students absolutely love teded videos, and i use so many of them in teaching my nursing and allied health students. thank you for all you do! my mom blood pressure is 157 anyone else's legs get weak when watching videos like these? awesome.....informative subhanallah the graphics in this are outstanding. i worry about illegal body parts sales..sometimes the human body is worth more dead than alive https://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/01/world/europe/european-crisis-bolsters-illegal-sales-of-body-parts.html guys i have low blood pressure and i train a lot eat good i haven't eaten fast food and sugar foods 2 months now i dont understand why i have blood pressure? maybe you should try earthing,make a grounding mat yourself, it's easy and cheap to diy,it's a natural treatment good for health. \"your heart beats about 70 times per minute\" my heart with hypotension 40 take it or leave it i wonder how do they get burmese cc.\nits quite accurate.\nvery very curious.\nits like a burmese has translated from english. i have really bad heart pain and it literally feels like i'm about to get a heart attack should i go to the doctor ? thank you for making the explanation easy to understand 1:25 king engine! hi there, i want to know if hybetez remedy, will really work for me? i see lots of people keep on talking about this high blood pressure treatment. what exactly is hybetez remedy? how does this thing really work? i notice lots of people keep on talking about this high blood pressure secret remedy. i wish you would have touched on low blood pressure as well 4:12 until they are not :d don't forget to thank the creator/designer of this complex machine called human. u want more anxiety added onto the video, have a family member yell at another for no reason and it will stress the fck outta u. you guys are awesome!! okay okay, i'll stop eating french fries sheesh i am so sad that i have high blood pressure and get angry often that sound sacares me. omg i get so weak watching this. .\nmedical science is a fascinating subject. subhan allah now i 'll do my regular exercises my diet consists of a lot of salt but my blood pressure is stable at around 90/60 which is kinda low... why?? is it heart or musical instrument? the human body is the most thorough and yet minimalist machine i've ever seen. very efficient. someone explain this to me: my whole life i've had a healthy diet and have exercised regularly but my blood pressure has always been very high. when i was 16 i got a summer job that required a physical and i remember the nurse saying that i didn't have hypertension yet but my blood pressure was very high for my age and i might want to get it checked out. when i was 18 i tried to join the air force but failed my physical because of hypertension. over the course of the next year i visited the doctor dozens of times and they ruled out everything that they could possibly think of that could cause the hypertension. my dr wrote a letter to the surgeon general and attached all my test results and the surgeon general gave me a waiver, allowing me to join the air force. 10 years later and i still fail every physical i take...despite running marathons, eating healthy, and being very dedicated to fitness. i don't take any medication, because of the side effects, but every time i apply for a job i'm aware that if they require a physical i am going to fail and there's nothing i can do about it @curt f i'd definitely recommend reconsidering blood pressure meds as they have been shown to significantly reduce total mortality, cardiovascular diseases and many other complications from high blood pressure. there are many different types of blood pressure meds too, so if you can't tolerate one or it isn't working, you have many different options to choose from. hello curt, i am dr. mann agarwal and in my opinion what you are suffering from is essential hypertension, the most common variety of hypertension, without an apparent cause. it can and does affect your health, which is why you should take your medication to lower it to at least 130/90 mmhg. i am assuming that since you've had multiple checkups, it isn't a measurement problem. pretty much same here im 19 now and over the past last months whenever i went to the docter my bp was high the weird thing is when i checked it at home it was always normal with its highest at 122/82 and when i went to the doctor it was always at 140/90 then there was this day that i was so scared of the reading of my bp that it raised to 200/100 but then decreased to 140/90 in a matter of minutes, all im saying here is that i had what they call white coat syndrome its basically the fear of getting a bad result from the doctor thats why it was always perfect at home but high when i was at the drs office i was uncomfortable throughout the video. best channel l had ever watched thank u ted ed the more u think the less u know... so much of happening! next time narrate this in english ok 950000 km boy my body feels weak and sensitive while watching this. please talk about low blood pressure this was actually very helpful. i have been really stressed out the past 2 weeks and idk why i think i honestly might have ptsd but whenever i hear someone even talk about something (not gonna say it obviously) i automatically go into a fight or flight mode kinda and sometimes i get pins and needles which is related to anxiety.\nbut other than that i'm fine :d well i fel like the info of what does higher heart rate due to excertion or low heart rate due to relaxing do to this whole pressure and blood vessel wall buisnuess was missing. this guy's voice is so annyoying. ow. those heartbeat sounds messed with my real heart. please be careful when using those. that's high blood pressure ,but i have low blood pressure ,what can be done to explain that condition? long story short:\ntoo much, your dead\ntoo little, your dead good video, but i'd also like to learn about the other end of the spectrum. what does low blood pressure do to your body? some people seem to think it's a good thing, but i have a condition called pots i can't spell the full name so sorry. but i know it means my blood pressure is too low and my heart rate is too high. the only advice widely given to people with pots is to increase fluid and salt intake and they sometimes prescribed medication to raise blood pressure. i can't say how common pots is because not enough research has gone into it. could your channel maybe do a video about pots? if more people are aware of it then it could help fund research into it so it can be diagnosed and treated faster and better. there are only about four clinics in america that treat pots. i have to travel to another state to get treatment. many insurance companies consider these clinics experimental and refuse to pay which means people who need treatment can't get it. i'm just getting tired of fighting to get proper medical care. this is scary my heart beats 50 to 55 times on average in a minute clearly explained thank you th guidbk in this \"syut weebly\" (g it) bld prssr fix is sy t rd nd fully ndrstnd. in just tw nights, i ws bl t gt ll dtils i rqird frm it. i'v mnitrd utcm vr sinc i strtd t int it. n th thnksgiving, i hd it t 148/98 nd thrght fr wks i lwrd it furthr t 116/78. my gd frind inqird my lkup \"syut weebly\", th bld prssr lvl ltrntiv n g. his bld prssur lvls ws strk lvl 158/120. thrght th hlp f th prgrm nd ting thrghly cln, it ws bl t rduc swiftly nrml gin. it hs grdully lwrd nd furtn dys ltr with hlthir ting his bld prssur is 128/84.. yoga is the key...breathe in and....breathe out.... oh wow a heart attack sounds so painful. i do not even want to contemplate getting a stroke! nice animation tengo mis dudas con la sal, no es mala this is so coooool good evening! well depicted information!!! nowadays people are more after allopathy medicine than any other medicine instead people should improve their life style and mode of treatment. you can improve your lifestyle and dietary patterns for better prevention. omg i clicked this so fast lol my screen made a bong sound as a med student, i couldn't summarise the circulatory system any better. great job! ayy med student gang <333 lol my school uses this for online school! ko je doso s videa iz biologije? only if our med school teachers taught like this who do you think created the art animation of this video? i just love this kind of design. false: salt does not increase blood pressure 570 dislikes on a lesson about life and death matters. and you're telling me that people are normal. i am really scared after watching this video as i have high blood pressure of 150/90 and i am only 20 years of age fragger lagger it's a lot easier to change that when you're younger. humans are kinda giant then this gave me a panic attack.... tell me more about what would happen if our blood pressure is slower than that and what may cause it so? plus, what can we do about it? this made me feel uneasy somehow that heart beat was very uneasy '\noh no no...\nwhat is wrong with this big lousy computer animation edit at 341 to 343...\nnot good 2:39 is giving a heart attak fake news strikes again!! aiyaiyaaaa... watched this video while having a meal heavy on salt... amd my heart skipped a beat if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body, you'd die.\nfun fact: unit of pressure is pascal.\nhg is hydrargyrum. 1:21 sick beat i had an automobile accident in '05. had surgery to repair my neck but my tailbone was broken and i was told it would heal itself. that's short for my insurance wouldn't approve repairing it. i couldn't sit on my rear end for more than 10 years. i also injured my back and was told it couldn't be repaired either. it is still an issue. i worked for 10 years through all of this and in '10 my insurance became too expensive, thank you blobamadoesntcare, so i registered with the va in 2012 after i depleted my stock of left over pain meds. it was smart of me to use only what i needed to work. the only thing the va wanted to do was treat me for low vitamins a and c, which i rejected. they also said my blood pressure was ridiculously high and i needed to be treated for it too. they prescribed me a med for that too which i also rejected. they gave me all of the scare tactics and i said to treat me for the pain and the bp would take care of itself. they offered me cymbalta for the pain, an antidepressant and a very strong one. you can't just stop using cymbalta. the side effects using it are unbelievable and the side effects from stopping cold turkey are worse. basically the va treats vets with chronic pain with \"what used to be\" and antidepressant. if it ever was an antidepressant it still is. they treat us this way because they know we will still be in pain but at least we are happy about it. i asked for celebrex, which they could have given me, but they refused so in 2017, after not working since 2015, i went to a private doctor and she did prescribe me the celebrex. she also said my bp was high and i asked her if we could check it again in a year and go from there. she was hesitant but agreed. the next year and last year as well, my bp has been textbook perfect. my doctor said she learned a lot about the correlation between chronic pain and high bp while treating me. after 10 years of using narcotics daily just to be able to go to work i've had it with daily meds. i use the celebrex only when i've aggravated my injuries, arthritis has resulted from them. i only fill about 4 of the 12 monthly scripts my doctor gives me when i see her. she is probably the only person in the world who truly listens to me because i refused the narcotics and asked for something that only is an issue if you abuse it, or use it daily. we are happy with our professional relationship. i've found the right doctor. if you have chronic pain, check your meds, you probably have an antidepressant in their somewhere, and if you are being treated for high bp figure out why and fix that. \"if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body, you'd be dead.\" has anyone tried hybetez remedy? (do a search on google) i've heard several amazing things about this high blood pressure remedy. congratulations if you got through the video with zero anxiety believe on the lord jesus christ for eternal life, he is the way, and the truth, and the life. be washed by jesus christ today and obtain the holy spirit which shall guide you into all truth. jesus christ died for the sins of the whole word and no one is perfect but jesus christ, the one who came in the flesh, and arose from the dead, and now lives for ever. to be saved and to live for ever is only done by believing on the son of god as the saviour and lord, no work is necessary to be saved. this eternal life which god shall give you can never be taken away by anyone! it is the gift of eternal life. call today on the name of jesus, and be saved. pray to the only wise god, and ask him to save you, tell him that you believe in him.\n1611 king james version bible\nephesians 2:8-9 8 for by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of god: 9 not of works, lest any man should boast.\n1611 king james version bible\njohn 3:16 16 for god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. when we exercise our blood pressure goes up. but its not hypertension. why? too bad they don't talk about low blood pressure, i tend to have it quite low and i don't know why. 0:28\nthat's water though i'm glad i learned this that angioplasty visualization is probably the most brutal thing i'll watch today bradycardia is called when we have low heart rate (heartbeat) under 60 beats per minute.tachycardia is called when we have high heart rates up 100 beats per minute. *panick attack* i feel like teded talking about hypertension will be the cause of my hypertension soooooo.. i do stuff irl and youtube recommends a video on what i've done - checked my bp at the pharmacy. i see the mic in my phone is still working. great video funny was just thinking about hbp then comes this video my blood pressure is always super low like 90/45, i get light headed sometimes but otherwise feel fine. i was hoping this video would talk about what causes it to be low not enough salt in your diet maybe. same here! but i have one type of dysautonomia since childhood. my pressure is generally heckin' low and i get tired super fast. sometimes it's ridiculous: i feel sad - blood pressure drops. well thanks brain, very helpful of you. 3:02 time to go for a rollar coaster ride! salt will not cause high blood pressure for people who drink enough water. look it up and read the studies, salt will not raise your blood pressure! when im chilling my heart does about 45-50 beats perminute and sometimes even near the 40s' 95,000km long? i don't believe! think if you shred a person into micro pieces and begin arranging for 95,000km .... guess there is no way that it can achieve such length! and to keep these pipes clean and healthy is cayenne pepper. i take cayenne 6 days a week and it works damn good. keep yo blood flowin nicely. i understand more here then in my classroom. i just finished an exam that included this information. if only i could see more of my lessons in this format. the material was easy to absorb. the pictures weren't too cartoonish and the depth of information was just what i was looking for, albeit a little late. i will be searching for more videos like this for future exam reviews. great job to all involved.\n(i did get high 80's at least.) this video just raised my blood pressure. there is no way that the blood vessels in my body are almost a quarter of the distance 2 the moon. that you makes no sense this video is a pure masterpiece wow! awesome! and that happends inside our bodies. i need indonesia translate god iam convinced i'll have a heat attack or something after watching this keto and intermittent fasting is fullstop for this theory worst animation ever... hi everyone ,if anyone else wants to learn about blood pressure chart for adults try trentvorty striking vision theorem (do a search on google )?\nit is a smashing one of a kind guide for discovering a simple technique to reduce your blood pressure minus the hard work. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my cousin got great success with it. god created amazing mechanism allahuakbar what's crazy it's all animals do this even deer ect. and those who deny that god has created us must be laughing at themselves now signs are within us and all across the universe, the fact that we live in such a dangerous surroundings and still are safe from electromagnetic storms or dangerous waves from the sun gives me enough evidence to believe in god how will you tell? @marleo keep laughing and we'll see who has the last laugh i'm laughing at you now. subhan allah folks it's real simple, a blood pressure monitor is a made made object no difference from a back brace!\nlet me pull you in on a secret that your doctor won't tell you,\nbuy you a home monitor and check it throughout day , and you'll discover that it's not really what you eat but when you eat that's the most important, animals constantly eat all day we need to eat small meals throughout day, the more hungry you are your blood pressure will rise, and about 30 minutes after eating until full your pressure will return to normal and you may wanna take a nap my hands are weak that is the knower of the unseen and the witnessed, the exalted in might, the merciful,\nwho perfected everything which he created and began the creation of man from clay.\nhttp://quran.islamicevents.sg/32/6/7 ive been getting head giddiness for the past month or so, possibly due to blood pressure issues. what should i be tested for? blood sample? doc took my blood pressure reading and didn't mention anything out of the ordinary. it all happened after suddenly my left eye vision got worst then i experienced lethargy and giddiness. lethargy gone but giddiness stays but it happens sometimes. also noticed i get pretty dizzy fast if i do a 360 turn, wasn't like that previously. thanks to my teachers for explaining absolutely nothing for 17 years. what happens to the pushed outward white cells and cholesterol? stress can causes high blood pressure. 4-5l.. that's it?\nseems like it should be more. nature (or whatever you want to call it) is pretty amazing. can't wait till i develop hypertension well-suited for the challenge.\nhighest cause of natural death in the world.\nheart attack. i'm scared thanks good video. i want to know how blood pressure medicine works and why it makes people lifelong addicts. just watching this video raised my blood pressure... i'm confused, what does mercury have to do with blood pressure? what about the risks of hypotension ? please enlighten me! so if we can map our entire circulatory system and have a device to that would check the blood pressure of every arteries and veins then it is possible to pin point the exact location of a atherosclerosis. it's like a satellite tracking traffic (device) of a city (body) and if there is a cars causing traffic (blockage) it can be easily remove the cause of that traffic and manage the entire traffic of a city. so the only thing we need now is that \"satellite\" thing that would scan our entire body and see every atherosclerosis in our body. isn't there such device already in our technological advancement like this? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_ouzqpsvp4 1:08 yes there is now mercury in my blood for some reason good job ted talk you should be given best award for explaining this so simple and easy to understand way. i'm here for explanation of raas system, but yeah whatever... thank you for using liter instead of inches or ounces or whatever they call it :d subahanallah..\nfirst we need a balanced amount of nitrogen, oxygen and carbon dioxide. any imbalance is enough to end the life.\neverything we see around us, including our body, is created with very delicate balances. there is harmony in the heaves and on the earth and this harmony continued to exist without any disruption for millions of years.\nallah who is the great, the most high creates this harmony.\nallah makes all the systems of the universe function and grow in perfect harmony, even though, we are not aware of it.\n\"and with him are the keys of the unseen; none knows them except him. and he knows what is on the land and in the sea. not a leaf falls but that he knows it. and no grain is there within the darkness of the earth and no moist or dry [thing] but that it is [written] in a clear record.' (surah al-an'am 6:59) if you laid down all of the blood vessels on the blood, you'd be dead another american company who has lowered themselves to pandering to foreigners by using the metric. definitely unsubscribing. i'm 17 and have mine around 125 to 130 above 80-85. i'm 6\" 205lbs with slight muscular build. i'm i straight? irritating music while listening to some serious engineering marvel. my whole body feels weird after watching this video, it's like my blood vessels know we're talking about them existential crisis? same as here my man ;-) shhh...they're still listening. did you know if you lined up all the veins and arteries in your body?\nyou would die my father just had an heart attack, he's operated now for bypass surgery, me waiting in icu watching this this heart was so touching if only this video was produced way back in college, our class wouldn't be so boring.\nnow i clearly understand everything are you the guy who protects the oracle in the matrix movie,,, my blood pressure is 189/145, please wish me okay my resting hr is 42. i work out about 5 hours a week. i have low blood pressure with a high heart rate and low blood volume, as a result a have to have 2l saline infused through my port (a tube to my heart) 3x a week & i have to eat loads of salt & wear compression garments i disliked this video because i don't know how long a km is.\nedit: such a simplistic and well organized informative video i had to give it a thumbs up. as a very rough rule of thumb a km is i believe a bit shy of a half a mile. circulatory system aight imma go search for how to avoid highblood wtf spooky this video is so well made. i can't believe my eyes. \"your arteries are well suited for the challenge\"\nappendix: i'm bouta end this mans whole career i threw away my potato chips, ty <3 is there a version of this video meant for united states audiences? eat raw\nflee the city! watching this makea my heart beat faster i love this narrator, he really keeps you listening, not getting bored neither annoyed by his voice. 20/10, would totally recommend. are there any sources anywhere???? soooo... high blood pressure causes heart attacks, not saturated fats? it's amazing how complex and brilliant are the most basic things that we need to live. and how fortunate most people are that they dont need to worry about it because it simply works the way it should. you could multiply this by all the organs and systems in our bodies that we know of just to further realize how amazing it is that we are even alive. truly every moment is a miracle and i think we all should take a moment to appreciate the things that our bodies can do. damn! i think that's what i have. i get hypertension when i train long and sometimes doing long walk too for years now. not a good sign. so why is low blood pressure dangerous? my biology teat was about this instead of learning from the book i could have watched this video 2:50 not. atheroscleros appears when you have not burned fat+ calcium. atheroscleros- is a bunch of resources- like protein and other. after this you have hypertensia and not vice versa..\natheroscleros> hypertensia and most of the problems arise from sugar consumption notice: do not watch this video if you're about to take your blood pressure all the hypochondriacs give a thumbs up lol it works because god wants it to that just flew right up my head. but yeah im better than i was before watching it. thanks teded. but what's my psi? im gonna stop doing coke. i don't know why but seeing this video make me really uneasy great video i want to see this video applied the same way, but with the consuming of thc.\ni have a list of questions. there is actually little to no proof that salt raises blood pressure\nstudies actually suggest people who intake more salt tend to be overweight and that the weight increases the blood pressure not the salt on the average individual with an average bmi salt intake does nothing to blood pressure and study after study\ni realize this video is a little bit older and heart association still try to link salt and blood pressure but most studies would not back that fact up id much rather eat healthy and not die of a stroke or heart attack scientific american debunking sodium to blood pressure link with meta study from american journal of hypertension.\nhttps://www.scientificamerican.com/article/its-time-to-end-the-war-on-salt/ now explain how the lymphatic system works without a pump this is how i learn biology, thank you ted ed \"if the clot cuts off blood flow to the brain, it causes a stroke.\" :))) 3:15 and some say there is no god. a small piece of flesh working tirelessly for decades without vacationing watching this made my blood pressure rise :( thnx for sharing i wouldnt call glucose precious this stressed me out. i tried to focus on my breathing so i wouldn't get stressed. then i just got more anxious and struggled to breath. i'm afraid now. praise be given to god who created our bodies with such resilience. too bad sin has brought terrible diseases and suffering to the human species and all creation.\nbut praise be given to god who gives mankind intelligence to fix the ills suffered by us humans and may god bless those who are sick and deprived of health. utterly brilliant! so simple an explanation, but enough to make the mud clear. thank you. i have a question,\nwhat exactly happens when blood flow gets higher upon taking marijuana(weed), what causes the heavy feeling in head as ears start ringing and blood vessels in head and reproductory organ swells up,\nand is it in anyway bad for health?? @sdsl thanks mate will keep on mind @fabio fernandes do you know which one is cbd and which is thc (red/green)? marijuana can transiently cause your blood pressure to fall, this leads to the sinking feeling and also causes your heart to start pumping faster hence the rapid pulse. dont stand while smoking, definitely dont stand up quickly if sitting already, smoke while you're seated.\ntobacco is dried plant that you smoke, marijuana is same .. hard to believe it can be good for your health if you smoke it. the chemicals cbd and thc themselves can have benefits in various conditions and modern medicine is slowly incorporating them for use. maybe it's related to the kind of weed your using being too high in thc and low on cbd. you should try to switch to something richer in cbd which has many properties to your imune system and lower psychotic effects. i've just started reading about it so do your research on that and cb1 and cb2 receptors. https://youtu.be/_au5plbxm3y\nhttps://youtu.be/5khkiaoka-o am i the only one who gets absolutely freaked out by heart sounds? all this wonderful biological mechanisms and they are still peoples who will bomb one another *stares at trump* i'm at 148 but why do doctors constantly check your blood pressure? when i was in the mental hospital they checked it everyday. un-skippable ads i have normal blood pressure. this is not how heart sounds pls, ur sound is so uncomfortable and making me to feel aneurysm feeling!! usch! :( i like cartoons. izlerken kalp krizi gecirdim it's 7,500 ml , not l maybe it's not that bad too have low blood pressure we are the perfect machine. thank you for the video, very informative. i shared it on the web page whrere i offer device for high blood pressure correction called neurodens-cardio https://www.scenardenas.com/neurodens-cardio and you think this was formed out of chance? there was a great creator! god! is hybetez remedy useful to cure your high blood pressure issue inherently ? we've read many good stuff about this high blood pressure treatment. 2020: 37 i only clicked because the dude's last name is the same as mine, but also because i love ted-ed im 160/100 and i'm 19 wish me luck my heart pumps faster while i watching this wow~ the explanation is awesome! i wanna know what happens when you have hypotension @other wise i meant knowing what exactly happens inside your body. not much, you can feel tired, have blackout sometimes, but it's not dangerous at all! once an amazing doctor said \"if one wastes their life not appreciating what's at constant diligent work, it is like if shakespeare himself is teaching at a nursery or beethoven is playing to a deaf audience.\"\nlet's use our bodies best at least by being good to them, that's at all if we are not using the miracle fully. so true, i used to have a sedentary lifestyle till now (24 years of my life) , i would not take my body granted ever again, when each and every cell is working so much to keep me alive and healthy. huh when doctors scream 120/80 or something else, now i know why oh god. watching this video raised my blood pressure and of course only the god can design something like us this superbly complex and yet so perfect.\nvery informative video. thank you so much for the explanation. my mom has high blood pressure so i can explain it to her or anyone better now. not mine tho mine are collapsed they hardly carry half of that in future their must be the substitute of heart it's incredible how we were built. ok youtube is definitely spying on my house, just today my grandma's blood pressure kept rising dangerously and now this got recommended to me yes . youtube is watching you ... wether it be through your window or your devices ... omg every grandma in the world has high blood pressure! amazing, thank you! thank you gotta love and treat my body the right way helping thanks ted ed what happens to my arteries if my bpm is 90?\ni always fear of that the moment you realize that you have learned much more from teded than from your actual goddamn school. dont worry folks. alcohol helps thin the blood. just drink any you'll be fine watching this made my pressure go up 0:28 ted-ed got oxygen wrong.\nthey showed me water molecule. nobody:\nme: imperial 2:08 these f*ckuations i felt my heart seemingly skipping beats as i heard this god damn heart beat drum sound but they used in this video athletes, while working out, absolutely have blood pressure higher than 140 over 90. does that mean they should stop doing their athletic endeavors? i think not. high blood pressure, therefore, is probably not they cause of tears in the endothelium. high blood pressure is more likely to be a symptom of a another problem. fix the problem, don't treat the symptom. well now you got me worried. this looks like kurzgezagt without the birds god damn, it's hard to listen to this video......the pain! narrator: \"your arteries are well suited for the challenge...\"\namerican diet: hold my beer and popcorn i'm like \"hold my milk and unsalted and unbuttered air popped popcorn.\" more likely, _\"don't_ hold my beer, popcorn, double cheeseburger, fried chicken and steak.\" ted-ed: and that is called a stroke\nbrain: aiight i'mma head out. nooooo\nthis is not enough information i wanna know more about low blood pressure t_t\nif i am suffering from low blood pressure, do adversely-affecting-my-body activities like salt consumption solve the problem or will it exacerbate it? hello there fellow low blood pressure person :d i feel like people do talk more about high blood pressure. i wonder if it's more common, or people think it's more dangerous than low blood pressure? though it's pretty heckin' dangerous to faint at a metro station near arriving train, i can tell you that.. kurzgesagt. this video made me aware of how liquid-y my body is and is very fragile.\nhelp, i'm terrified. thank you ted-ed for uploading these kinds of health-related issues on youtube. i'm so much thankful to you for making us aware of these kinds of things. why does this kind of remind me of kurzgesagt's style this made me more conscious about my heart, thanks. note to self: eat more fish oil actually, krill oil is better for the heart in more ways than fish oil is. look it up. you guys didn't talk about low blood pressure... thanks so much ted! i...i'm gonna go take my blood pressure meds now... heart: im about to pump this mans hole carrier\nartieries: bring it on homes if you lined up every blood vessel in your body you'd be dead @ashish saha what saying the saying came from a tom scott colab in solid 15 min of useless information. loool r/technicallythetruth epic this video gave me high blood pressure well damn, i'm usually at 140/60, oh well, gotta be at the extremes i suppose i was only supposed to watch about the circulatory system (because i don't want to read) and now here i am binge watching how effective is hybetez remedy? we've noticed several amazing things about this high blood pressure secret remedy. hi there, i want to know if hybetez remedy, will really work for me? i notice lots of people keep on talking about this high blood pressure remedy. s fr, \"syut weebly\" (g it) is th bttr fix fr mn nd wmn gtting high bld prssr prblm. strightfrwrd vcbulry is sd t crt it, s this mns it is sy t ndrstnd fully nd crry t. ppl wh r ill-ftd t hv bld prssr nd t hv this bk. prir t, i hv my bld prssur t 120/80, thnks t this gidbk, i ws in psitin t lwr it. good information - my older brother experiences has high blood pressure and i am researching information to give him some much needed direction - this is most helpful.<end comment> o true educational channel :) 1:23 i finally understand blood pressure! qua nhieu kien thuc just me who almost passed out watching this video? imagine if our civilization collapses without wiping everything to the bare bedrock, and some distant remnants of humanity will find our long dead bodies, maybe mummified somehow. they will cut those bodies and find... \"look steve! our ancestors put decorative rings inside their veins! was that a burial ritual or did they live with them? but how would they insert them so deep without killing the person? freakin' amazing!\". this stresses me out ... what is the danger of low blood pressure then? so the wall of blood vessels don't expand as much and won't tear the inner part out, but low blood pressure doesn't sound good either, so what is the danger of low blood pressure? what if every human being is not really a single creature? god is amazing! glad to know the one+ week episode of tachycardia i had can kill me randomly now kenshiro : \"i'm about to end this man's whole career\" please update your research. interesting i always find it interesting that people don't talk about the negative impacts of low blood pressure. i have naturally low blood pressure -> its been like that my entire life and have nearly passed out from it several times. eating tons of salty food.... and i have always had issues with low pressure. this is also how a ram pump works\nit uses water hammer to pull the water.\nit has 2 swing check valves and it pumps water without electricity beautiful explanation.\nmakes us wonder that things which appear so simple from the outside have such intricate and complex processes behind them. \"your arteries are well suited for the challenge...\"\naverage american diet: \"imma bout to end this man's whole career...\" @pc nick rowan i @michael scott-joynt whick olive oil is legit @heman rocks how about for covid? @crypaste some more psychopathic is not an adjective my dude, but a medical condition good job on reinforcing american school system stereotypes while trying to argue american food stereotypes. hahahahhaha i, m prsnlly cn tstify t th ffctivnss f this \"syut weebly\" (g it) pln f ctin.sm thr prducts i'v trid nly lwrd th bld prssr fr th mmnt. thr's n thr trtmnt slutin t thr tht fulfill wht it ffirms. fllwing cupl f wks, my bld prssr lvl hs rtind th 145/90 lin. tgthr with prfct prssur its nw wrking t 120/70.. i hv xprincd hrt prblms & hving prscriptins frm th tim tht whn i ws 26 yrs ld. f ll f th rmdy i hv prsnlly trid ut, \"syut weebly\" (g it) is th n tht hs shwn t wrk with my bld prssur. th mdicinl drugs prscribd t m t hv wrn't f sd ny mr ftr hving fr wk prid f lylly mking s f this gidlin. that was the most helpful video i've seen all quarter for my physiology class. thank you so much!! my blood pressure was racing just watching this. i think i'm gonna go eat a salad now so follow a whole food plant based lifestyle kids. don't be a victim for the parasite healthcare/food industry. informative all i can say is. wow. best description i've ever taken the time to listen to. luckily i hate salt anyone have the ad where the girl\nsays she has like a watch that measures her blood sugar? better cure it\nby naturally now so one for keto hello nightmares.....this video increased my blood pressure. 1:58... epinephrine and norepinephrine??? thumbs down for those silly american slang words. its adrenaline and noradrenaline. get used to it. america is not defining the world's standards. what happen to blood pressure at water fast time? yes a true answer of a big question\nwho created human ?\nhuman is created my extreme supreme genius or god , allah . \" thanks to my creator .. i wish youtube was around with videos like this when i was in college. ok but could hv been longer to make it more informative, especially for those with sedentary life style. eat pottasium rich diet and lower sodium intake is the key to maintain a good bp. relax all u r not gonna die. just relat it is amazing how reverse engineering of intergrated functional systems that appear to have been produced with foresight and foreknowledge causes one to think how we could better maintain such a system for our future benefit. intellegently created indeed. it's crazy to think that life is basically a game of how fast your heart can count to 2.5 billion then you die. god is our creator and it's none less than a miracle how he created us!! what a basic rudimentary video. deserves a thumbs down.\nit shows that you have not understood blood pressure. maybe you could do better ? but i doubt it, come back and tell us all when its ready. we are beautiful made,that's y god put dr. here he's knw we would need them amazing story of reality. love from northeast india that means we have a guard making us thanks man i have had hypertension & taking medicines ever since i was 26 years old. i was happy i discovered 4bloodpressureremedy.blogspot.kr\nsooner since my blood pressure decreased to the standard level using its help. right after pursuing the recommendation of this author, in just one month i just need to take half my medications.? yeah, our arteries are well suited to the challenge, because god made them this way, and not because of any accidental evolution. how about those nurses making a hole in my blood vessels? does it won't make my blood vessel clog up? this video is fantastic\nit explains everything and provides names for many parts, diseases, etc\nthanks normal reading 120 (laughs in hypertension) i always uncomfortable about blood, blood vessel , and heart. { (6) * * (7)} [ : 6-7]\n( 6 ) that is the knower of the unseen and the witnessed, the exalted in might, the merciful,\n( 7 ) *who perfected everything which he created and began the creation of man from clay.*\nso far the best animation and simplest explanation of blood pressure. this exactly what happened to einstein sugar destroys the arteries, but the cholesterol gets the blame while it is only doing it's job to heal the ruptures. i have a constant systolic pressure of 180-190 and a diastolic of 70-90. i'm 16 years old. this is stage 3 of the disease? have you had a heart attack during any of the stages of the the disease? finally a simple explanation scary but informative great vid, interesting how it works i was just looking for osmosis jones. \"but don't worry, your arteries are well suited for the challenge\" is amazing proof of god's creation totally beyond human expectation! top level my blood pressure is 86/54 2014 ford focus that's hypotension. very informative i'm scared what an amazing body we have\nthank you god please do mention that a whole foods plant based diet can completely reverse heart diseases and other life threatening diseases yea buddy unless you are morbidly obese i doubt it i tilizd this prduct nd lrnd njybl bnfits. ftr crrying t th \"syut weebly\" hyprtnsin strtgy i cm crss g, my bld prssr ws 152/92 during my trip t th mdicl cr clinic. s sn s i mngd t gt frsh surc nd strtd sing it gin i fnd my hyprtnsin rtrn t nrml. i us this t tk cr f my bld prssr lvl. it wrks fntstic!. i think i can start my medical career with the help of this playlist. what about low blood pressure en all this magically appeared lol\npraise yhwh the most high super ted ed- (1:41) a high salt diet will lead to a simalar result. the salt promotes water retemption. the extra fluid increases the bloods volume and pressure and stress like the fighter flight response.\nme- *eats pretzels* this video raised my blood pressure in my case, low blood pressure is the problem very informative woaahhh what to say new diet starts now. my great grandfather was the first person in either britain or england (can't remember which one exactly) to have an angioplasty. he was on the news, it was when it was in it's experimental stage. beautiful animations, i love watching ted science videos 59 is low pressure 140/90 it is a ted liar, ask any indian doctor, or a nd. no mr pharma and mr hospital must get its $$$$, sucker. 3:15 if the clot cuts off blood flow to the brain, it causes a stroke. (urrrghh) if you lined up all of your blood vessesl you'd be dead surely big bang couldn't have done this what about low blood pressure? it can be dangerous too! it can cause fainting and therefore head injuries :( wow very informative. my mom who recently collapse due to hypertension brought me here. first time happening to her but she's doing well. nterressant my blood pressure has apparently been low my whole life and i just found out because the doctor said my blood pressure is 96/60 and i've lived a healthy life and i'm not overweight or underweight with a normal diet what if i'm at 200 over 100 like my dad perfectly explained .. youre welcome, and have a nice day i really hope that ted ed could make a science and history book with these type of animation . want it so bad name of the song in the background? it's scarying thinking given the amount of high blood pressure in the united states. this is probably how most people die from having a stroke. will it be me? this video scared me its scary how im learning about blood pressure in my anatomy class and this video just cme up in my recommended. ohhhh my god, i'm alive i have experienced high blood pressure & getting medicines from the time that i was twenty six years old. of all the so-called remedy i have personally tested out, \"nv yuku\" (google it) is definitely the one that has shown to work with my blood pressure level. the medicinal drugs prescribed to me to have were not of used any more after having a month of dependably, ,loyally following this guide. . what's about low blood pressure i feel so smart cause we're currently learning this in science, but i know as soon as we move on to another unit imma forget it me. did you forget this? imagine getting a heart attack after watching this video thank you so much this made a lot of sense why is this so easy to understand and fun to watch the salt part is kind of out of context. more salt, by itself taken acutely, will raise blood pressure. however having a diet high in salt, while also getting adequate potassium ( no one does) will not raise the blood pressure. sodium/potassium is a balancing act. it just so happens most people have very sodium heavy diets.\nfun facts: athletes will typically drink pickle-juice for the extra salt. in the military, a salt mixture is added to the potable water supply while on missions in hot climates.\ncholine bitartrate (a cheap supplement) can drastically lower blood pressure. , 150/90? 20 blood pressure takes three times more than normal pressure to go to the toilet how to keep my heart healthy ted ed? pls say exercise what happens in whole universe that can happen in our galaxy what happens in our galaxy that can happen in our solar system what happens in our solar system that can happen in our earth, what happens in earth that can happen in our body. so doctor are great respect from an engineer. from what i red months ago. salt consumption of about 11g per day is optimum. it's not really bad to have salts right? what if my heart rate is 100+ per minute? am i sick? thanks whenever i watch this video i feel weak and the hold my heart unconsciously. i had a hypertension watching this ugh the narator addison anderson should voice over the google assistant the advertisement before this video plays is about chicken skin. how ironic awesome video... hope that formal education can get this way. juat realised at the middle of the vid that this is ted's property. thanks ted well suited for the challenge or designed for the purpose. what about the hypertension caused by worring about this happening inside me? humans- so advanced we can kill ourselves by thinking about our own health... i guess\n*that's how blood pressure works* *that's how blood pressure works* subhanallah *b l o o d p r e s s u r e* *0:01** is the most satisfying sound ever* people are over exaggerating when they say your blood vessels can go around the earth three times xd remember when our parents told us that in order to get a good education you had to go to college? yeah that was great. air pressure 76 cmhg\nblood pressure is low to compare air pressure\nexplain ? at 9 years old i had an angioplasty done. and now i have an aneurysm where they did the procedure. there are risks to benefits. the doctors have told me my aneurysm is strong. i have always suffered from high blood pressure from birth. i was born at 7 and half months. which is why they think my aorta was narrow, but this wasn't caught until i was older. the intro and ending music gives a nice chill 0.29 epic failhahahahahahshahshhsh allah akber if only i had such superb educational tools while studying!!! salt doesn't cause high blood pressure. it will, however, aggravate an already existing condition. this was extremely helpful! i'd appreciate another one to help me understand my low blood pressure... same god really created and designed our bodies perfectly does that mean i am going to die extremely young? i have hypertension (but it is because of a liver transplant) such an awesome video. the simplistic graphics make the explanation so clear. i look forward to sharing this with my students. stents is a treatment not a cure though alcohol and smoking increases the chances of exploding the vessel exponentially. so take care mindvalley ads -_- gosh. ted ed just scolded me like my mom does. i thank you, doctors, thank all the scientists ...thanks for solving peoples problems..you deserve your big payments if you do your propper work since implementing heron methods a months ago, i just wanted to let you know that i did just one day of the 3 exercises and went from 155/95 to a reading, the very next day, of 121/82. i'm so excited, and i hope to be even lower by the end of the week. i've been on amlodipine and lisinopril for months, and haven't been able to get it lower than 135/90. i am now sleeping much more soundly and my head is much more clear, etc. for more information about heron method, click here : healthighway.com/6w4s this is why a whole foods plant based diet is absolutely necessary. is there a way to naturally unblock blood vessels there's mercury inside of our blood?!?!!!! speed the video up to 1.25 so it can sound like a normal conversation. https://bit.ly/2nwoazk ... regulate you blood pressure with this programme . . .. hello ted ed can you make a video about hives .. can't stop imagining cells at work while watching this lol *4:05* imagine that many heartbeats in one minute. that's around 41 million heartbeats every second! finally, i get it! thanks ted ed! it's not salt but sugar thank you very much sir i always had an problem regarding systolic and diastolic this video made it so simple and easy to understand.. i really appreciate it. little disappointed you didn't really talk about low blood pressure. i'm chronically low, so i was looking forward to the video... only one getting chills here hi this art looks like kurzgesagt videos. okay i still don't understand- it's bad to have either high or low blood pressure, right? stress and salty foods cause high bp. what causes low bp? i've never seen any visual explanation better than this! too good! this video gave me anxiety. got a heart attack in result. thanks ted ed that was really informative, thanks ted ed. and that heartbeat kind of scared me. my heart has a 40-45 bpm at rest..\ni run a lot tho.. my head feels hurt while watching these, my blood pressure rising so does that mean when you exercise it raises your blood pressure? great graphics! i just wish if the narrator would clear his throat videos are in so simple language. it really helps me to educate my people. thank u so much i want to do graphic design for medical videos haha hi wilfred. at 0:28 you say \"oxygen\" but show a water molecule i'm ready to convert over to a healthy lifestyle. who's with me? wait, so im the size of the earth...amazing i think i had a blood pressure of 100/90 wow this was awesome ! http://www.lnk123.com/shqpp i'm an rn and this video is great for patients who need to understand how htn, heart attack or a stroke happens damn, prolonged stress can end life. woow such a great animation! i really like these digital classes! my blood pressure is either so low that sitting down makes my legs fall asleep and standing up makes me feel dizzy, or so high that i'm out of breath from just laying down on the couch i really love this channel! you can learn so much in simply five minutes. great job! read the salt fix, from cardiovascular researcher dr. dinicolantonio. the explanation about early, is simply wrong and misleading, and unscientific. i love ted but the problem is, that there isn't any german subtitles whyyy? alguin viene del colegio icade? 3:18 stroke face dude this animation scared me if i have low blood pressure, what happens then in my body? i can't donate blood because of my low blood pressue -_- this gave me high blood pressure what can i advice my mother to do ? her blood pressure is too high :( je enn\ndoes she have my fitness pal? monitor what she eats in a day if you can and see how much salt she eats. if she eats more than 1,500 mg every day that's bad. eating a lot of salt causes high blood pressure. is she over weight? weight loss can help too. the other day i got extremely angry and my blood pressure went super high and i got a very bad headache, is there any chance i could got a brain aneurysm? yea not likely,a brain anuresym would burst from stress 0:28 that's not oxygen, it's carbon dioxide im scary... daaaaamn... i'm eager to see what happens when blood pressure is low blood pressure problems? check this exercises and save your health on time https://bit.ly/2he5vtb doctors are engineers by any chnace, is this video in any way in spanish? yvette marquez\nahi esta captions en espanol so like how does women on there period deal with all that blood lost nose your body make a lot more to keep up with the blood lost? regarding salt...it's not the cause of hypertension...insulin resistance is the main culprit. just about all type 2 diabetics have high blood pressure this made me want chips how far is 95,000 km? i'm an american lol the guy who does the voiceover clearly does not enjoy what he's doing. he sounds lazy all the time this was the first video ever i saw from ted, i'm not that proud of discovering it because it was animated by animation domination high def, but i'm glad i discovered it. [deleted] what's the problem with them how about low blood pressure though? i was diagnosed with lower than normal blood pressure when i was around 15, and i'm 19 now. i still get regular blood pressure drops, often when i stand up, sit up, or just stretch, to the point of my vision completely blacking out and i almost fall over. what's the science behind low blood pressure? add subtitles please. great vid. thanks ew metric sunforged well i use imperial so deal with it mrsoldier\nthe majority use metric and it's always good to cater to the majority this video somehow had me anxious by the end of it amazing animation! great job explaining it under 5 min! how come ted rarely says average? as if all people's bodies are the same size... jeez is that how load a heart beats? if a heart was my neighbor i would move to antartica.. i've been researching reducing high blood pressure at home and discovered a fantastic website at wilfs calmer plan (check it out on google) wow. so educational transition to a plant based diet and let your worries float out the window. after i went vegan i lost 70 pounds, my blood pressure went from 150/98 and heart rate was avg 90 bpm. to 112/116 (great) and 68 bpm . veganism changed my life. i feel like i'm glowing from the inside out. 112/116? ur diastolic is quite high public announcement: several studies seem to show that salt has no effect in blood pressure. i gave the video 5-star... but... ni ni ni ninety ninety fi fi five thousand km??? come on i am 19 i have 144/88 blood pressure i'm not overweight or not maybe the stress try improving your diet by reducing salt intake and eating more veggies.\nif you think it's stress then it's time to find a psychologist to help you trough hardships. don't think too much about these things. you may get frightened and get further problems. instead meditate, play physical sports, eat healthy and have face to face communication. meh well this video had my stress level skyrocket cool\nwhat if the stent gets lose and floats around the body... danger? :dyay! :) why do i feel weird after watching this video? i don't know.. but i feel weird to! does blood type make a diffrence about ur blood pressure interesting i have the opposite problem\ni have low blood pressure why am i watching this i hate blood and veins i feels like i can die anytime now wow beautifully explained im loving the clarinet background music eat healthy, supply the body with the various nutrients it needs to repair itself and keep everything flexible. (fish oils are important for all the cells).\ndrink lots of water to keep everything hydrated, so it can wash out bodily waste and toxins.\nexercise, get the blood flowing fast every day to keep all the pipes and cells unclogged.\nthe body is a machine, keep its fluid and oil levels etc topped up and it will last a lifetime. wow! how extrodinary, i have never understood anything more clearly! thank you!! watching these videos gets me a fear of death so you're saying that 1 blocked vein can cause heartbattack or stroke ???? great video, but the narrator's voice is so annoying. pressure doest increaswe with increase of velocity ? wowww.. it is amazing to know that my blood vessels are 95,000 kilometeres long.\ncoool.. we are the wonderful creation of god. created in his image. ohhh that means i can do this (cracks knuckles) that was scary very informative. i hear the arterial walls naturally stiffen as you enter old age. humans are very fragile... man, ur vids...\nso so helpful.\nespecially those related to health, anatomy, physiology and mechanics of body.\nkeep up the gr8 wrk guys... wtf my mom has 200/120...wtf...... i didn't keep watching past 3:15. i started feeling things awesome animation!!!!! really awesome in yours vedios heres some actual advice for anyone with high blood pressure\n1: if your systolic blood pressure is under 120 (the first number) you are all good, if its 120-130 try to increase your exercise and reduce salt intake and try to reduce your life stressors. a blood pressure of >140 is known as hypertension and will slowly do damage to your body, go to a doctor, first line of treatment is lifestyle change but medication is incredibly effective at lowering blood pressure with minimal side effects (only often a dry cough). if you dont know what your bp is, get your blood pressure checked when you go to the doctor, many doctors are lazy and will not check it when you go, especially if you are young. im a 24 yo thats fit and healthy and have a blood pressure of around 150/80, your bp can be high at any age and weight is only a risk factor not a cause. thanks all and stay healthy :) to think that our bodies were created by evolution is to the highest degree of absurdity. there is a creator, and his knowledge and power surpasses far beyond on what we can comprehend. dont limit a limitless god :) john 3:16 does it bother anyone that the dude has no neck? do and dont for hypertension patient http://www.remedyforu.us very good explaination,, i have hypertension already,, now i learned more,,, thank you,, thank you i'm only 18 yrs old, yet i normally have 150/90. if my hands tingle soon after raising them above my heart, and worsen the longer i hold them there, does that mean i have a weak heart? high blood pressure is associated with several potentially dangerous complications. from kidney damage to heart attack, avoiding the long-term side effects of hypertension means working to control your blood pressure. learn the most common long term complications of high blood pressure and how to avoid them. *here a 100% safe and proven way to lower your blood pressure quickly and permanently from 190/120 to 116/74 just in 17 days* this is so interesting gets mcdonalds ad* is it possible to \"heal\" the wounded arterial tissue? please, a video about diabetes plaque is....i dont know what program did the animator used? who's watching this because they're having a heart attack? 95k km long??? i dun believe that this makes my heart uneasy. oh man i can feel it. very good introductory video! ewt well done :) exercise and a good diest is the key. but what kind of medication/supplement can you buy ? for better blood flow so how do you avoid plaque? eating less fattening foods? less cholesterol heavy foods?\nand how do you lower your heart rate? why is it a good thing for it ti be low? that is amazingly interesting.. why sometimes my heart beats very hard not fast. that i even can feel on my toe shaking my whole. before i used to drink coffee and knew coffee caused but i quit drinking coffee 3 months ago still sometimes happens .\nalso why when run or in a fear situation our heart beats fast? superb video! how many praised god for his intellect design after watching this video?? what about low blood pressure? red meat = atherosclerosis never eating salt again. you have a very soothing voice.just saying. my bp is 68 rested. 72 normal activity. and 120 on exercise. could someone explain why 9cl of air in the arteria could provoke death as is said in diamond is unbreakable? so do fatty acids break this down? what happens if the the flow of blood gets higher? subhanallah never eating salt again what about low pressure? you lost me with your assertion that high salt diets cause hypertension. this has been proven to be bad science. the body has a process called homeostasis and you will expel salt through the urinary system. the only people who need to worry about salt issues are people with kidney disease. this whole video was propaganda. scary and beautiful. you didn't talk about low blood pressure. the talk should have been, how high blood pressure works! i don't believe the 95000 km. stop making the heart beat noise. it's disgusting. atherosclerosis looks scary i have a stent! our body never fails to amaze me how do they make and operate such small tubes this. finally! after 30 years this is the first video that comprehensibly explained how these blood pressure numbers work. thanks you for that. i felt quite uncomfortable while watching it. it's like my heart hurts or my veins are popping i don't know why stay healthy everyone my stress levels just increased, thanks. easily explained..\nit helps ppl like me non medical background to understand how it works.. good work by ted-ed.. & keep posting like this knowledgeable videos. 4 years of health class in 4.5 minutes. watching this makes me weak @_@ and people say there is no god.... why do americans put a comma behind the thousand numbers? here in europe 7,500 means. seven and a half. seventhousandfivehundret is just 7500. no comma at all finally a perfect explanation and people say god doesn't exist! and i thought cholesterol was actually meant to go there 2:48 to protect artery walls against inflammation! should update data this gave me anxiety. my mom was just diagnosed with congestive heart failure. she's 47 years old, loves salty foods, and drink 8 32oz water bottles a day. in a nutshell... is that you???!! one of the best ones so far our bodies are so amazing. that was a great explanation with great visuals. thank you. did anyone else feel something crawling under my skin feeling? very well explained! i wish there was a balloon catheter for traffic... i wish there was a balloon catheter for traffic... fabulous video. great narration. thank you for the enlightening information. thanks arteries man this was so uncomfortable to watch @rushabh patel it makes breathing harder for me, watching videos like this... idk why it just makes me feel uneasy. the heart sounds and imagining your arteries clogging up is so uncomfortable. rvtrcr google it for a better explanation but... it's like the most common phobia i believe. it's the fear of small cluster of holes for me also ismail el yamani i have tripophobia? as well but surprisingly nothing here triggered it.. but when i saw ur comment i felt a little goosebump just recalling the video lol ted-ed love u guys somewhat surprisingly, that was pretty accurate. nerf veins, too strong. i couldn't think of anything clever to say. how how about making a video on risk factors for atherosclerosis: hdl, tag intake in diet, oxidation of ldl and how reactive oxygen species affect this - for example by smoking, dietary fibre and nutrition etc this was the very best video i've seen that gives an excellent understanding of blood pressures and then to give an explanation of stent and angioplasties was even more perfect! this was the perfect video hand down! thank you so much for taking the time to make this video. it is extremely helpful. i'm very much grateful!! i don't know how the hell everything turns to debate about god.all these biology videos should have told you that we do not have a good working body let alone a perfect design. thanks i can tell a big difference when using this item. right after executing the \"zts yuku\" blood pressure plan i found on google, my blood pressure level was 152/92 during my visit to the clinic. next time i used it, my blood pressure level returned to normal. i monitor my blood pressure and maintain it by using this. it provides wonderful results! that smile at the end warms my heart i made use of this product and found fulfilling results. right after undertaking the \"zts yuku\" blood pressure plan i discovered on google, my blood pressure was 152/92 during my visit to the health care clinic. next time i used it, my blood pressure level returned to normal. i make use of this to manage my bp. it functions wonderful! my last reading was 110/90. it really bothers me that hypotension is never talked about! i have it and i'd like to understand why and what effects can it have on me, but no! let's only talk about well known hypertension... i run fitness tests for the military, and had a guy come through with 176/120 blood pressure. i actually had to take a second to register his numbers because i've never seen numbers that high. obviously i couldn't let him run the test, and he got upset, trying to sell me how his pressure was normal. didn't believe me when i said that his numbers were not normal and how i was shocked that he hadn't had a heart attack yet. he still didn't believe me, so i whipped out this video... he just nodded and left. its funny how every video only expalins about high blood pressure and how it is risky and can lead to heart attacks, but low blood pressure can be very risky too, then why is it taken so lightly? i suffer from low bp and struggle to look for videos which actually talks about it. why this biasness? if you lined up all the blood vessels in your body....\n....you would die. brill, easy to understand video. job very well done. super video how god is greatest !!! does anyone know what software to make this video? thats scary him saying all that stuff i was like oh crap i need to fix my diet your explanation is so clear. i am thankful. um...... i am 9 years old..... so does that mean i have less blood than an adult??? is there any dedicated video on stent ? i am a hypertensive person and this really concerns me since i'm just a 14 year old. my bp readings were always 140/90, 130/90, 130/100. can you guys give me some tips to make my bp go back to normal? (sorry for my grammar, im not an english speaker) lol i have over\n170 i am too, i was diagnosed when i was 16. its really a bummer, are you overweight if so, then lose some. i also have fear of sphygmomanometer and that also raises the blood pressure ahhaha how are you now? correction: 45 minutes to one hour of walking* try not to eat too much refined/processed sugars and carbs. try intermittent fasting. walk about 45-1hr everyday preferably early morning sun or sunset. breath deep. practice meditation and yoga as well when you have time. include fermented foods like kimchi or yogurt in your diet. if you can't, get some probiotics. try to eat vegetables high in vitamin c like green papayas. drink 1 piece/clove of crushed garlic 1 hour before bedtime. salt is not the main enemy. do u eat a lot of salt? try checking food labels for salt content. the recommended amount of salt per day is 6g - 1 level tsp basically. if u also live in the u.k. like i do, the food labels have red amber and green to specify how much of a certain nutrient there is e.g. sugar, salt, fat etc.\nare u overweight? if ur overweight, losing weight can help as when you're fat your body has to work harder to pump blood around the body. you can lose weight my eating less calories, which we usually don't even realise we're consuming. maybe limit the amount of sugary, salty and fatty foods you eat as those tend to be rich in calories, and when u consume more than u use, u gain weight. same with drinks, stay away from drinks high in sugar e.g. fizzy drinks and fruit juice (yes this is bad as fruit juice has basically had all the fibre removed from it so pure sugar that then has to be broken down by the liver as the sugar in fruit is fructose not glucose.) it's surprising how much weight you can lose by adjusting your diet.\ndo you exercise regularly? exercise helps you lose weight which then helps lower blood pressure. also they keep your cardiovascular system in good health.\ndo you drink lots of caffeineted drinks? coffee, tea, cola or some energy drinks? if you do, try not to exceed more than four cups a day. they usually tend to have a lot of added sugar which also contributes toward weight gain and as a result high blood pressure.\ndo you smoke or drink alcohol? hopefully not coz ur 14, but they don't help as smoking narrows your blood vessels which then increase your blood pressure as there's less space. alcohol is also extremely calorie dense so a little amount can have an impact on your weight and as a result your blood pressure.\nand finally, do you sleep enough? long term sleep deprivation can increase blood pressure. which is one of the many reasons why sleep is so important somehow i remembered kurzgesagt when i see the animation. oh god, this is my favourite youtube channel. lol even though i'm fat i don't have hypertension :d i would have liked to know how low blood pressure is caused as well, as that is a rpoblem in my family. i'm a hypochondriac so i tent to freak out when i hear this stuff, i know how you feel, no for real when i see a hear beating i get this tickle feeling in my chest, xd ya but who has the time to line them all up? same when watching this im surprised how we are all still alive. im just here because i was shown to have 120 blood pressure i love the animation,same goes to the education,its very usefull to know this kind of knowledge hmmm, my bp is currently 666/777, is that good or bad? thanks god for everything.. mm of mercury ? :( anyone thought of that one meme when they heard \"atherosclerosis\"? if you lined up all your blood vessels and veins end to end.... you would be dead. can you explain high blood pressure & low blood pressure & why some people hearts beats less then normal & for some more? i just studied this at school then which of the favours of your lord would you deny? checked my heart rate: 63, thank god xd 22, workout, not overweight, and mine stays between 130-150 and 60-75. god dammit, what the hell is that? i don't consume a lot of veggies or fruits, but still, when working out, not smoking and just drinking coffee i though that would be normal or on the higher end of 120 at worst... really don't want to take medication, any tips from your own experience to lower systolic one? diet changes, good foods to consume, supplements, etc? ikr, i am also thin and young (17) ive read articles in the internet (not sure if viable source of info) that genetics are the real culprit everyone is built differently. consult a doctor to be on the safe side. brucho sindicate take pills regularly and seek a doctor immediately.. your heart and kidneys are at a serious risk and don't be negligent in this regard. @roscfan hoping to find people with similar experience. brucho sindicate youre askinh us? see a doctor this ted ed cartoons are my greatest discovery the beat was so annoing am i the only one? this looks like kurzgesagt incorrect, you did not explain the diastolic pressure correctly. diastolic pressure is generated due to the recoil (rebound) force generated in the arteries when they are shrinking back after being streched due to systolic pressure from the heart. please do correct me if i am wrong . coz thats what i had learnt in med school. imain top please elaborate ur wrong i have hypotension and the lowest blood pressure i ever had was 80/50 i felt horrible now i regularly eat foods high in sodium to try and control it i hate listening to heartbeats! it makes me feel weird! >.< haha, yeah they're sound weird, but kinda fascinating i'm going to bed now i love them. (sorry my english) in my bed and in water . it is terribble . i grew too fast and one of my arteries constricted. it was the main one that lead to my legs, so i had high blood pressure in my torso, low blood pressure in my legs. the doctors had to put a stent to keep the artery open god dam this was scary.\ni best have some potato chips to help calm me back down! twitchster77 hope you're kidding lol! can my body forgeta to breath when i'm tripping hard? @***** argh thank you, i just vomited in the toilet i was too scared, but i still had some small junk ofvomit leftovers in my throat i was supper scared i kept coughing :(, will that kill me? did anyone else's heart match the beat of the sound in the video when it thumped? mine did and it feels soo weird ah, our bodys are extremely complex. one little molocule gone wrong in the brain can cause catastrophic affects, one little artery close can cause billions of cells to lose oxygen and die. yet we can cut off our arms, legs, 75% of our liver, 50% of our intenstines, all of our musculatory system(except the heart) all the parts of the brain except the amigula and brainstem, our eyes and toung, our entire reproductive system, our immune system(not recommended, but if your in a 100% sterile environment i suppose you'll be okay) and still be able to live. now that's alot of things that you can live without... brodie tyler you can remove your brain but not the stem and theoretically you'll be alive that's awfully specific! you can live without a heart but not recommended, you can live without a heart during a heart transplant btw\ncan you remove anything else? lol so true wait like all of them _at once_ ? o.o why the fuck is blood pressure measured in mercury? asger engfred historical legacy. i think it's cool how the body is able to function. ;) i'm so glad i know what the numbers mean when they check your blood pressure at the doctors office now... i usually just guess based on their tone or face if it's good or bad love the channel i have consistently low blood pressure. sometimes, it's as low as 86/52. what does this do to the body? hypo perfusion to some cells. it often has no symptoms as long as your bp doesnt fall <60/palpation. but one of the most common symptom for low bp is you feel dizzy when suddenly stood up from a lying position crap, i was eating seasoning for mamee when i watched this, once u said salt, i washed my mouth weird question, how much blood does a woman loss while menstruating? and how does it affects blood pressure? good question. in the endometrium (the inner lining of the uterus that is shed each month) blood and tissue build up slowly over a month, and everyday, lots of blood cells die naturally, so the body is constantly making new blood in the spleen and bone marrow to compensate for the loss. also, our blood volume (therefore pressure) is regulated by the kidneys mainly, to keep our blood pressure regular. as women, our bodies are used to preparing an environment for a fertilized egg to attach and develop, so collecting blood in the uterus slowly over a month, and the amount of blood actually lost during a period isnt enough to affect the blood pressure either, but if the period is really really heavy, it could cause lowered blood pressure. so, unless there is another issue (which there are many reasons to develop high or elevated bp), having a period would usually not decrease blood pressure. if anything, having a period could affect the blood by making a women anemic, or low in iron if it was not replaced in the diet. that varies woman to woman. may bot be a major difference in most cases but still is different. women with more severe cases of pms could develop a higher risk of hypertension. but before you take my words into deep thought there is not really any long term studys of these type of things. if you are afraid of developing hypertension due to just pms it's self, vitamin b supplements can help you... i've only taken 2 years of a medical course so my knowlege doesn't extend to deep but i just provide what i can based off my knowlege my heart beats around 50 times a minute even though i still think my heart beats faster than it should 'cause i have a terrible condition. i never play sports or something. are we measuring pressure in mercury now? that is something i never saw before. @ecortelyou haha! :) i'm from the us and in most high school and introductory level college science classes they teach both atm and mmhg, and in some classes pascals are brought up. i think today mmhg is mostly used in medicine because it's actually a really impractical way to measure pressure, seeing as mercury is toxic and the readings can be influenced by temperate, but mercury manometers where the first effective instruments for measuring pressure and so it's stuck around, at least here. honestly, we just sorta have a tendency to use impractical units in this country, i will never understand why we don't adopt the metric system, it's so much more straightforward @paulmag\nwow thanks for the info! i just knew it lol\ni'm from indonesia i googled it now and 1 mmhg is the pressure required to displace mercury with 1 mm, and 1 mmhg = 133.3 pa. interesting choice of unit. so, which country do you live in? i never heard of this in norway. i don't know about you but since i was in elementary school the unit has always been mmhg until now. maybe it's different between countries wilfred you are my best friend, thank you for this video, i am in nursing school and i am taking pharmacology and finally, you explain what is going on with blood pressure, not even nursing instructors explain this valuable info in an easy way to understand for the average girl like me. than kyou\njust one thing, in properties that affect flow, the opposites are not mention like extra fluid the opposite is no fluid, how does that affect bp? and narrow(constrict) pipes vs. enlarge or dilated vessels very well explained am i the only one who cringed through the whole video thinking that it would happen to you? @urbi urbina thats beautiful man, cherish her you were most likely anxious, cringe is a different thing related to embarrassment which creates an unpleasant feeling. yes, it will happen to you. you just wait. @ernesto monteagudo i do have too. and i'm 23. but luckily my heart and other laboratory tests are just fine. it is so hard that we need an extra effort and lifestyle adjustments. hope you're doing good. yep specially since my mom has hypertension good explanation. any tips on lowering bp? @jpteknoman excess salt consumption causes hypertension which kills 10 million people a year... @dudefromspace567 the body is also efficient in removing the excess salt as long as the quantity is not excessive (like the amount in junk foods)\nmoderation is the key in most cases @jpteknoman the body is very efficient with salt, it would be nearly impossible to become sodium deficient. you can reduce by a lot how much salt you use but you cannot and should not remove it completely from your diet because salt is something the body needs... but you can add some extra garlic (preferably raw) to counteract the effects of the salt. don't be overweight/obese (heart has to work harder to pump blood everywhere)\ndon't eat salt (this causes the kidneys to not filter out as much water from the circulatory system, more fluid = higher bp)\nstress can cause hypertension\neat more fruits and vegetables and whole grains\nexercise\ndon't smoke\ndon't drink\nreduce caffeine this is good stuff!! *if you have both a high blood cholesterol level and high blood pressure, then your risk of heart attack or stroke is much stronger than if you had just one or the other.here a 100% natural and proven way to lower your blood pressure quickly and permanently just in 17 days* -> https://www.facebook.com/highbloodpressurecure2/?sk=app_190322544333196 la vie en rose nice great ironically im drinking a energy drink to this @sweettea sgood indubitably not so. how ironic @sweettea sgood i'm calm....... i do find it interesting that people say that in response in comment section when i'm replying calmly and coherently.deflection is a wonderful tool.\nbut i digress from the red herring slap and yeaa sure, about as literally ironic as literal is literally used overall.\nsoo i guess this is the parture, good luck and fuck right.... (last part is very important in life) calm down i was just being ironic wow! you're a really wise one my friend :) please! ... give me some more of that wisdom!! :) xoxoxoxxooxxoo. terrible design flaw. i cant believe god didnt see this coming.. it's 2 am great lesson two months ago my bp was around 135/82-90, then i got a gym membership and i go 5 days a week around an hour or two a day and its around 116/59-64 now. im 30 and feeling good. changed my diet as well.... @tone around 6 weeks. @bigirick how long did it take for you notice difference? @tone alot of meat. mainly chicken. and drank only water. the gym had alot to do with it as well. followed by 20mins of cardio. what type of food did you eat and drink!? bc i'm at 135/100 and it's scary bc i'm only 22 @pro gamer i was 100 when i was measured height 183 but now i am 91 on diet for losing weight 95,000 km can't be correct.\nif you weigh 100 kg then each km of blood vessel must weigh 100/95,000 = 0.001 kg.\nper meter we get 0.001/1000=0.000001 kg/m wich is 1 micro gram.\n1 meter of an average hair strand wights 0.62 mg which is 620 000 x as much as our vein would have to weigh.\nso the vein would have to be approximately 620 000 times thinner then a human hair for this fact to be true.\nalso keep in mind i calculated the whole weight of a 100 kg person. in reality i guess that less then 10% of the mass would be veins.\nplease correct me if i'm wrong. what happens when you eat too much make a video of that to help binge eaters control themselves ya know.. i have a question.. i get how sodium raises blood pressure, but potassium on the other hand, a similar ion to sodium, is known to lower blood pressure.. how is this possible? tres interessant, merci i need to go take my blood pressure meds right now shit! i was eating salty foods while watching this. and now, you will probably not eat any for the rest of the day. @vishal batra that and it makes you hold onto fluids, which is good unless you have to much. same lol salt is actually necessary for heart to work properly. too much salt is another thing. unprocessed salt doesn't cause this effect because it's balanced with other trace minerals which normalize blood pressure. sodium chloride (aka table salt) is what you don't want to load up on, and it's what most processed foods have, sans the trace minerals. pink himalayan salt, sea salt, redmond's real salt, kosher salt, etc. basically any natural rock salt will have 60-80+ trace minerals that you need in balanced amounts for a healthy electrolyte balance and blood pressure. a very simple, unique & educative illustration,as to how blood pressure works in our body. learned about heart attack and stroke as well. thanks thank you why is measured in mm hg? bass dat i mmhg meassures pressure that is not what i asked but i already know the answer of it i love this video <3 thank you who did feel dizzy when he heared the heartbeat in this video? this particular video helps :) thanks a lot? i can compare parts of the human body to buildings in a city. the brain is the government, the blood vessels are roads for shipping goods, the digestive system and circulatory (breathing) system are power plants, the liver is a factory, the immune system is a police system, your cells are residents, and vitamins are food. who else thinks so too? +lj brickster :) loooool, i realised about this long time ago. good to know people have the same thought as i do. oops, i gave the name \"circulatory system\" to the wrong thing. when i said that, i meant the lungs. you need to describe the measurements in u.s. standard out here, not some high tech metric. +cecy tx funny cus the u.s. use this form of measurement for blood pressure as well amazing by far, one of my favorite ted eds. we just covered this in anatomy and i aced the exam! cool bro! atherosclerosis is the calcification of the arteries. which stiffens the arteries reducing blood.\nfor more info watch khan academy medicine very helpful bonita explicacao looks like kurzgesagt well that was scary as shit.. but extremely informative .... thank you!! @chimmie love my mom has high blood pressure as well! @mina joestar my mum does too, i'm worried for her. how's your everyday life going especially since i have high blood pressure, lmao 2:30 angioplasty??? but why if just going hclf vegetarian fixes it for free and forever! you mentioned salt, that's correct, but why not to mention the biggest problem of all - animal food. god, i love ted videos! so elucidating! i'm just asking out of curiosity, why does epinephrine and norepinephrine constricts the blood vessel during fight or flight situation? but i love salt i don't want to die becomes of something i love. pizza please don't kill me!!! i have a question, why do we give medicines during surgery to vasoconstrict in order to treat blood pressure? as long as you have adequate intravascular volume, doesn't constricting at the tissue beds decrease blood flow and would therefore decrease oxygen delivery? good to know. thanks. excellent animations and explanation. thank-you. in a nutshell. ca a le merite d'etre super clair! someone want to think again about whether this system can be a product of chance? how about the extensive lymphatic system? or the nervous system? sight? hearing? anything else? and all at once. simultaneously with another being -- who is perfectly different. ! someone think! please amend this with how we keep our veins and arteries healthy and open. explication en anglais.j'aurais bien aime en francais pour bien comprendre tout ! possible? le video a un \"subtitle\" en dessous. tu peux cliquer le bouton \"cc\" et puis tu peux choisir le subtitile francais. these videos always make me so proud of all the little parts doing their job in my body :d wow this is amazingly helpful!! et la version francaise thank you. (tesekkurler) is that kurtsgesagt's animation??? wow adhd animated this. radical dude! i wonder if man kind can build something as delicate as the human body... like an android that can grow/evolve by itself down to the nanoscale j'y +vikas v nope. we just need to fully understand quantum mechanics and be able to create nanomachines. +jia l. i dont think humans can design a biological system as complex as the human body with millions of things going on and with so many types of different chemical interactions. might be possible in the digital world with software +blahblah m yeah, but they're grown by people, not fully constructed from scratch. they have clones already which are man made ugh this guys voice that was fucking educational! :d do children have lower blood pressure? you haven't said anything about low blood pressure... lol why does the oxygen molecule look like a water molecule in the beginning of this video? thanks for sending this video and educating us on this very important subject,a lesson to lear before it is too late.cheers! dr, sene banda. this makes it easier to understand what' 'blood pressure ' is. worth seeing! good info!\n!\nuseful info!\n! wow, these graphics are a total plagiarization of the kurzgesagt channel. shame on you. somehow, this video is so relaxing for me lol good stuff! is there one for diabetes? if not... hurry up and make one lol :) great! man... this made me feel very uncomfortable and anxious!!! i'll never watch this hungover! kurz gesagt is that you? this video really creeped me out can tell us about scared of blood i couldn't even see the hole video this was simply brilliantly explained. kudos to team ted-ed, keep up the good job :-) i am sorry, but at 0:28 the molecule showed is water, isn't it? great video though, thank you. you rock ted ed! i'm scared af now i'm scared af now i almost blackout watching this video... omg, i really can't stand these things >.< we definitely need nanobot-doctors! love it!!! ohmygod i love this channel. liters sound like leaders. my blood pressure is 145/91 should i be worried? i feel like i should be great video, but can someone explain to me how exactly the same 4-5 liters of blood are recycled over and over so that at any one moment, we're carrying over 1000 liters? well 18 people dislike this video a gees they know it all thanks!! a great representation of the concept! @ian scott care to supply links/studies to corroborate this theory? kurzgeasagt! thanks. full of all the information i was looking for. why didn't you mention hypotension??? :( i fainted watching this that animation of the earth at 0:15 looks just like kurz gesagt. no explanation of what \"mm hg\" means. brilliant! very clear visuals and well-explained (and without annoying background music). thank you! perfect perfect perfect!! what an awesome video. blood by mcr is just playing on repeat in my head now \"well suited\"\nheaven forbid we say \"well designed\". it's still me. i just think that this is a better picture. did you change your profile pic? or is this someone else. 70 beats per minute? that's pretty pessimistic. @makemethinkagain ikr..mine is 80 bpm all the time (in normal). very educational, i learned a couple of things here. i wish the video went into the effects of low blood pressure as well though. amazing. i wish there was a video for hypotension. i was diagnosed and would love to see a visual of it. nice video. i would like to see an explanation about low pressure too and why people with it become unconsciousness. @miguel nogueira here looking at your reply after 3 year,i'm glad you answered that question low blood pressure causes a reduced blood flow to the brain which in turn may cause unconsciousness.\nthis usually happens when a person with a fragile autonomic system (genetic factors. the autonomic system controls involuntary muscle movements and breathing) stands up too quickly. as you may or may not know, the heart needs to work harder when in an upright position in order to fight gravity, and when one doesn't adapt to such change it's called orthostatic hypotension.\nunconsciousness and recovery follow quickly.\nthis is the only case i know when low blood pressure occurs, but it may also be caused by certain medications or heart conditions.\ni hope i explain it well enough. (haha delayed response by three years but it may prove useful to someone else) check my videos one of the many reasons i never wanted to be a doctor, you know too many ways in which you could die. i have postrohypotension and it sucks, so knowing about bloodpressure has been important for me. +grammatical erorr i'm not sure what causes it :( but it absolutely sucks. @sid3aff3ct mind if i'm asking? is it because of heart problem? i have minor heart problem and have postrohypotension symptom. my blood pressure is always below normal. what do you mean by 60- 80 mm of mercury? im really confused (1:07) @gutts10wow, thanks alot for your informative response :d. it helped! mm of mercury (mmhg) is a measure of pressure. it's how we measure a lot of things that require pressure as a reading. next time your in a doctor's office you might see an old pressure cuff that the doctor might use to measure your pressure. it's tube full of mercury (kinda like an old thermometer) and the pressure of your blood vessels can suspends 80mm or 8cm of mercury in that tube without collapsing on itself. we could use any liquid in that tube such as water but the problem with that is the tube would have to be much bigger and clunkier bc water is less dense. nowadays we use pressure cuffs that have springs inside them that are calibrated to the mmhg scale and so a tube of mercury is unnecessary or its an electric blood pressure cuff. these new cuffs are cheaper and safer as mercury is expensive and dangerous if the tube breaks. if your more familiar with psi (per square inch) or kpa (kilapascals), then imagine that mmhg is a different scale to measure pressure much like celsius, fahrenheit or kelvin measure temperature. \"but don't worry ,your arteries are well suited for the challenge\"<3 the great masterpiece of a higher power. amazing! such an important information told so simply and effectively. thank you. great educational video. unfortunately it left some crucial parts out. the salt causing hypertension and resulting in vascular disease is very misleading and not quite factual. the reason hypertension results is from insulin resistance. insulin could be added as one of the causative hormones along with epinephrine (fight or flight response and subsequent vascular constriction) as it results in the kidneys retaining sodium. high glucose (hyperglycemia) would damage the protective layer of the arteries, and high insulin would also foment endothelial growth (hardening of the arteries). otherwise the part about salt and hypertension and vascular disease is misleading and propaganda.\nplease read \"the political science of salt\" by gary taubes for more info on sodium. awesome educational video thanks a lot for sharing i;m not letting this happen, i'm going for a run. i'm only 19 but no way i'm going to let this happen. if i'm going, i'm going to be taken out by cancer or by an accident. not heart disease. or old age. extremely interesting :), love it. interesting! also worrying when i think bout how stressed how work has made me in the last few months...my blood pressure must have been through the roof at times easy in explaining, funny to watch and knowledgable to all\nthanks @ted-ed so... #govegan (if you want to life a long happy life) :) fork over knifes and cowspiracy are both fakeumentaries. they cherry pick their data and only appeal to the emotions. they pretty much say \"if you're not a vegan then you're a bad person.\" unfortunately people cannot think critically to understand our diet and they way we source is much more complicated than we think. so why be one sided when we as humans need to work together to find the complex middle ground for that hold the truth. in no way did the video associate meat consumption with heart health. cholesterol does not cause or equate to heart disease. blood pressure or simply inflammation of blood vessels is what increases risk of any sort of heart disease. but what causes that? high blood pressure, like what the video mentions, and a high sugar or carb diet. eating meat is perfectly fine to do because humans have been eating meat since the dawn or man! cave drawing depict images of hunting! cooking food is the link to human intelligence. why do week cook? to have our meats taste better! it is insulting and utterly wrong to think a vegan lifestyle is the right way to live. it is insulting to human evolution, and to human culture which is heavily based off diet which includes eating meat. i am fine that you are a vegan because you don't want to kill animals, but don't be a vegan for \"health reasons\" because that is a lie. there are too many factor that contribute to health and genetics play a big part in that too. gutts10 that's not true. i've met people in great health that have been vegan their entire lives. protein is in plants you know. meat is harmful to our bodies and is also extremely cruel to animals. look into some educational videos on it and just research it for yourself. there's several great documentaries out there to. knives over forks, conspiracy. gutts10 bruh did you really bring up the canine argument? telling people to #govegan or else you'll live a short sad life is the same as the catholic church telling people to abstain or else ur goin to hell. how bout we be practical and ask people to #eathealthyandbalanced and exercise portion control bc that is the only sure fire way to live a long happy life. how does a video about blood pressure end up having a creationist debate? tony mak it really haven't died out, what's died out is believing thinking big daddy created everything. @tony mak lol murr.....if you don't get it, that's because you've never thought deep enough as to how a body works.btw, the evolution/creation debate has just about died out, evolution came 2nd. i love murr awesome. could you please upload some more videos about other diseases. thank you very much. fucking metric system! typical, low blood preassure and how it affects thr body is not even mentioned.\nhope the next video is \"how diabetes works- wilfred brimley\". fascinating the background clarinet music was especially good in this video. so not squidward playing thank you for such informative videos. actually, i'm using them to teach my 5 yrs old daughter. kindly, can you do a video about the effect of video games and ipads vs reading on a kid mentality?! thank you again. this video explains many health terms that i hear so often but have been too lazy to look up myself. i now understand cardiovascular health quite well. attractive design and animation. :) i think i may be developing cardiophobia in watching this. why don't we have artificial hearts yet?\nedit: i sincerely do not trust this organ to keep me alive for six more decades. chris corella better take care of your own heart! or create your own artificial one! there have been some prototypes developed already but the heart is an incredibly hard organ to replicate artifically and probably will take time it's one thing hearing high blood pressure is bad, but actually seeing and understanding the process is scary. i need to get healthy. this looks suspiciously like a kurz geasagt video... only if it had birds kurzgesagt minus the birds nice observation! hadnt even realized @kadar jeerman actually they have around 12 members in their team the are slow at production because the us a lot more animation and even 3 d animation and perfectly blend in their usual 2 d animation damn, this was scary :o 5 years...wow amazing explanation, great graphics to go along yuuuuup, doing a pretty excellent job of scaring me into getting my hypertension under control... i am 26 years old and i have hypertension ! well i have schizophrenia and because of that not stopping stress i have 190/70 and i am only 16\nthank you life i like you aswell same like me..same time high some time low @sara meachel cardio exercise also helps blood pressure. i had prehypertension and now i'm normal. @antenox yes meditation in all forms are keys for more than just hypertension @sara meachel\nfor my part, it's not stress, it's probably diet and sedentariness. my blood pressure hit 170/130 last month when i went in for my yearly checkup. even with medication and diet changes, it still hovered around 140/100.\nhowever, i discovered that after every time i did yoga or some other exercise, my blood pressure would drop down to low-normal levels (110/70), so i'm doing that more often now. the salt increasing blood pressure is recently proven to be false. it is true that salt retains water but body has mechanism for getting rid of salts and water. please note, eating anything too much is a bad thing including salt. if you consume average or little higher than average amount of salt, you should be good. all that is true, however, the standard american diet (ironically called the sad diet) is heavy on sodium. look how much salt is in campbells soup or a small bag of chips. 3000mg in a can of soup is outrageous. also, when a patient is diagnosed with hypertension one of the first drugs they are put on is a diuretic which is a salt excreter (water follows salt so u conversely pee more ). salt may be overexagerated in its role i. hypertension but in the sad diet it may be undeeexagerated. if your eating a healthy balanced meal with fruits and veggies and no processed foods then adding salt to your meal shouldn't be a problem. i became more and more aware of my heart beating as i watched this video. olempiac yea i'm sitting here trying to figure out if it's beating at a normal rate lol bloody hell, that's more complicated than i thought it would be dammit ted, propagating the salt myth. just when i think you're getting your shit together and bringing the integrity of the ted brand back to what it once was, you do deliver junk again exactly stress affect your blood pressure but the brain has nothing to do with your blood pressure right fear increases your blood pressure to the maximum but let's blame it on something else like food fr frederik when salt conc in blood is higher than normal, the cells have greater water concentration than the blood.. so to equalise the concentration the water from cells will diffuse out via osmosis and so the blood fluid content increases. take it with a grain of salt tho, this is just what i think , but not too much salt ;) @ian scott what is wrong about that salt leads to water retention which raises blood pressure? @ian scott citation needed.\nhere's the best i found: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/its-time-to-end-the-war-on-salt/\ndo you know of any? check out how to reverse high blood pressure by eating vegan. my husband did and now meds-free and normal blood pressure. checkout pcrm.org +gabrielle bass there is no way to get vitamin b12 without animal products, so those supplements are not vegan. +paul mahoney supplements if he ate no animal products, how did he get vitamin b12? animated by fox animation? not kurzgesagt?\nif so the animation style is identical.. initially i also thought the same mutemath three people saw this video and thought it was very terrible and deserves a dislike!\nyou can look anywhere on youtube and these people will always be there, a video might be abiut a baby smiling or a flower or any thing that is just beautiful and you still find people to dislike the video !!!\ni don't understand people, and for those who dislike good video just to annoy others... you have succeeded. lol it was so helpful,thanks a lot wilfred manzano, narrator addison anderson and the animator.\ncan you do a video in brief about how peripheral resistance causes increase or decrease in cardiac output. this concept really is confusing at times. ok, so this was mostly about ischemic strokes, but what about hemorrhagic ones?\nalso, if prolonged hypertension leads to strokes, why does regular exercise, which dramatically rises blood pressure, actually lowers it down and prevents such events? @zdulcun hemorrhagic stroke happens when a blood vessel ruptures. this is most often seen in people whose brain arteries have weaknesses in their arterial walls or aneurysms. another life threatening disease is an aortic dissection in which the aortic wall is being separted or \"layered\" and blood starts to accumulate in those layers. this can lead to aortic rupture and a person bleeding out, or rather, bleeding inside of themselves and dying.\nif you exercise you are training your heart. heart is a muscle and if you exercise it will become stronger and it will be able to work less to pump blood and therefore lower the force on the inside of your arteries. you shouldn't think of the heart as a mere pump. the function of the heart is to create a pressure gradient. this means to create a part of your circulatory system with higher pressure and a part with lower blood pressure. the difference between those is what makes the blood circulate and not the fact that the heart is pumping blood. if those pressures would equalize the blood would stop flowing. to come back to the answer - a trained heart works less to create the pressure gradient and with that the overall pressure on the inside wall of the arteries is lowered. also your heart rate will drop (beats per minute) because less systoles are needed to get enough blood to your organs isn'this@*****style ? yeah, but the only things they need is a german narator, birds, and easter eggs. a clear sign of god's existence. glory be to god, the best of creators. @jbz3 well humans do create things don't they? for example they've created computers, but the raw materials they use to create a computer has been created by god.\nanyways the phrase isn't meant in that way. for example, if there was an event and one person delivered a speech, i can say, \"he delivered the best of speeches\", by saying that i do not mean there were many speeches in that event and he delivered the best one, rather i mean, his speech was so great that if there were a selection of speeches, his one would be the best. similarly if there were loads of creators then god's creation would be the best regardless as it is so amazing. @zahra'a faisal there are other creators? @zahra'a faisal\nso probably you met him. did you take the elevator? @alexandru gheorghe god is not a person to say whether he is male or female, he has no form. just because it is difficult for you to grasp the conception of god does not mean he doesn't exist. and who said we're going to burn in hell for eternity? be a good person and believe in him is all that is required to enter paradise. very simple. god is mercy, god is love, god is life. great lesson, very clear and provides quite a load of knowledge! wow. evolution is smart. @nshanahan13\nif i made a contraption, and that contraption made steam, would that steam be used to link me to creating it? @nshanahan13\nblood pressure exists because of evolution, therefore they correlate. @nshanahan13\nyour logic is flawed. how does a product of evolution not have anything to do with evolution? @tony joe\nnah, it's just a habit. watching this while eating a bag of salty chips. @jimmu o'lel .... im doing it again yup just throw it right away bag of popcorn washed down with wine.ytf was this on my feed!?!??? me too animation by fox animation domination? could have sworn that was kurzgesagt's art style... maybe it's not as niche as i thought. see, this is infinitely better than the social justice stuff that has invaded the main ted-channel lately. talon one we're still waiting for your comment! are you a maga? like what for example? 16th i think i might have low blood pressure, i think this because when im sitting for a extented period of time and stand up, i get a huge head rush that makes me slightly want to fient/sit back down.-. @gutts10didnt hit my head but it could be the sight of blood sending me over the edge perhaps. it would make sense. sounds like could've been concussion. did you hit your head? some people faint or get woozy at the sight of blood. maybe when u checked your road rash out you had a mini freak out and almost fainted. @*****will do, i also had a strange experience where i nearly fainted after having a bad crash going downhill on my longboard lol.\nafter looking at my road rash once i got into the car i just feel like im going to faint and my vision goes completely black for 3 minutes while my other senses were in tact. at one point i really thought i was going to pass out but i didnt lol\nsorry for the wall of text but its just concerning to me for to almost faint after a crash, im just glad i was not driving when this happened and my friend was. i dont need this to happen to me when im driving lol. @darkdevil1584 that's called postural hypotension. it's quite common. make sure you're drinking plenty of water so there is more fluid in your arteries and as a result your systolic blood pressure can then increase to a safe level. just a silly question. will this happen anywhere around the blood vessel? yes atherosclerosis occurs naturally everywhere. cholesterol is in every cell in our body. it is very necessary and without it we would die. therefore, transport of cholesterol from your liver (where we make ourown cholesterol) or from your meal to every cell in our body requires arteries to bring them there. therefore every artery is in contact with cholesterol leaving every artery at risk. although some are more predisposed to atherosclerosis such as coronary and carotid arteries and others aren't, such as you pinky doesn't normally infarct off. yup that does answer my question thank you very much. so that mean that this can happen in many places right? sorry for my bad english. i'm sorry but i do not understand your question. some vessels are more prone to atherosclerosis such as your coronary arteries in your heart and the carotid arteries in your neck but every artery in your body is at risk for arteriosclerosis. so yes... this could happen everywhere you have a blood vessel. i hope this answers your question. it's scary to think how much needs to be in absolute perfect working order for us to simply exist. @slizzer i believe in this statement too my friend yo are not alone! what a cool comment from a genius brain out here :d @vintage jock which one? the very reason i strongly believe in the existence of god. 15th my body's hella amazing it is said over 50% of people my age have the so called hyper tension, what does that mean? maybe they are normal and are doctors need to throw away the book and learn new things. isn't it cool how something so brilliantly amazing \"evolved\"? @anne tan hella true m8 wow!! this scares me :( being able to see the process of a clogged artery and just the thought of that happening within my body is terrifying. @valerie pallaoro yeah learning how things can damage your heart and brain should bring you joy right, genius? @valerie pallaoro don't be so condescending. they're scared because they're probably likely to have it, so they're scared of the consequrnces. of course the info is helpful, but some of us react differently to it. the clogged artery and the relationship with cholesterol was a very old and inaccurate myth.\nvery surprised to still hear that.\nartery can get thick. can get damaged. but it can rarely get \"clogged\".\nbecause a warm living body doesn't really tolerate cholesterol to solidify.\ncholesterol only clog up in a dead body. yeah this video is terrifying that part of the video was actually hugely problematic i get freaked out by things that are caused by too much stress, because i don't know if i'll ever be not anxious and i want to live long- not die of a heart attack or something. :c 70 bpm seems a bit high for a healthy heart @z7zkrazzyimplying that will happen to the modern generations @z7zkrazzymine is 55-60 and all i do is cycle 8 miles on average 3 times per week for cardio, which is far less than a healthy person should do. @*****\n84 resting here. i am overweight. 70 seems about right for an average person. i know, hence why i question a resting heart rate of 70 being healthy. first dislike\njk with some kind of machine, if you rapidly increased blood pressure - could the victim explode?\n( asking for a friend ) (former friend) no they wouldn't explode the blood vessels would rupture. look up the byford dolphin incident. explosive decompression can cause the gases in your body to expand and cause your entire body to explode like a balloon. @duckie bee, a rapid increase of blood pressure happens whenever you slam your arm into something. the vessels quickly constrict, leaving no room for the flow, which causes a pressure surge. then, your vessel tears, leaving a bruise in your arm.\nif you meant to rapidly increase the whole body pressure, well... he wouldnt explode. probably the weakest links would fail first (probably the smaller vessels), and he would die. i'm not a doctor, im an engineering graduate, so take it with a grain of salt. but not too much salt, as we've learned that it increases blood pressure ;d 2nd\nnice video", "likes": "180715", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "TED-Ed", "chanenelID": "UCsooa4yRKGN_zEE8iknghZA", "subscribers": "17200000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 272.0, "keyword": "blood pressure", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.1543033499620919}
{"id": "4YNdp3pRjig", "title": "Understanding Blood Pressure (Subtitles)", "views": "531057", "date_published": "2018-04-30", "description": "Animation to help patients understand what high blood pressure and high cholesterol means, how they are caused and how they increase the risk of developing heart and circulatory disease.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "British Heart Foundation", "chanenelID": "UC9J8xYJ7GyKl1VU1RMRXGIw", "subscribers": "67300"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 115.0, "keyword": "blood pressure", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.3333333333333333}
{"id": "keYtWNAJY64", "title": "Blood Pressure - Basics", "views": "94234", "date_published": "2016-08-09", "description": "", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Dr Matt & Dr Mike", "chanenelID": "UCH6Oc4MAJzzmK0SM805ZnjQ", "subscribers": "356000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 808.0, "keyword": "blood pressure", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": "NA"}
{"id": "LuBagc7uk-k", "title": "Want To Lose Weight? Doctors Say It\u2019s Time To Stop Counting Calories", "views": "118384", "date_published": "2022-06-06", "description": "A new report by a group of obesity doctors and scientists found that telling people to eat less could actually be causing more harm than good. NBC\u2019s Morgan Radford reports for TODAY on the new approach called the carbohydrate-insulin model.  \u00bb Subscribe to TODAY: http://on.today.com/SubscribeToTODAY \u00bb Watch the latest from TODAY: http://bit.ly/LatestTODAY About: TODAY brings you the latest headlines and expert tips on money, health and parenting. We wake up every morning to give you and your family all you need to start your day. If it matters to you, it matters to us. We are in the people business. Subscribe to our channel for exclusive TODAY archival footage & our original web series.    Connect with TODAY Online! Visit TODAY's Website: http://on.today.com/ReadTODAY Find TODAY on Facebook: http://on.today.com/LikeTODAY Follow TODAY on Twitter: http://on.today.com/FollowTODAY Follow TODAY on Instagram: http://on.today.com/InstaTODAY  #WeightLoss #Health #Nutrition", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "TODAY", "chanenelID": "UChDKyKQ59fYz3JO2fl0Z6sg", "subscribers": "3600000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 307.0, "keyword": "weight loss", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "GGP3NbP7O2w", "title": "How To Lose Weight: The Real Math Behind Weight Loss", "views": "2301525", "date_published": "2012-11-13", "description": "Want to lose weight, but aren't sure how the math works behind burning calories and fat? Here's how to lose weight based on the mathematics of burning calories, burning fat, and weight loss. Dr. Carson Chow explains what happens behind the scenes when you exercise and go on a diet to limit food and calorie consumption. The old rule of burning 3,500 calories to lose 1 pound doesn't actually work in the long-run. Dr. Carson Chow explains a new rule for burning fat and calories and losing weight.  Epipheo makes videos that allow for human meaning. http://epipheo.com/contact  Let's be social together, o-tay? The Epipheo Underground: http://epipheo.tumblr.com Company updates: http://facebook.com/epipheo Quips and short stuff: http://twitter.com/epipheo Behind-the-scenes: http://instagram.com/epipheo  Subscribe, if you're into that: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=epipheo  Truth, Story, Love. http://epipheo.com  Outro music used with permission under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license. \"Funkorama,\" by Incompetech.com.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Epipheo", "chanenelID": "UCoPlipOfn_kc1y1q7sXN5yQ", "subscribers": "121000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 271.0, "keyword": "weight loss", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.15075567228888181}
{"id": "DLYb3IgQ1Qk", "title": "The psychological weight loss strategy | Laurie Coots", "views": "1922217", "date_published": "2016-12-14", "description": "What is the best strategy for getting fitter, losing weight, living a healthier life? Laurie Coots shares a few life-hacks that worked for her, starting with this: \u201cImagine your healthy future self and start living that life now.\u201d   TEDArchive presents previously unpublished talks from TED conferences. Enjoy this unedited talk by Laurie Coots . Filmed at TEDUniversity in 2015.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "TED Archive", "chanenelID": "UCQSrdt0-Iu8qVEiJyzhrfdQ", "subscribers": "274000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 384.0, "keyword": "weight loss", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.11043152607484653}
{"id": "XfyGv-xwjlI", "title": "Diabetes Type 1 and Type 2, Animation.", "views": "2914383", "date_published": "2014-12-08", "description": "This video and more updated versions of similar videos are available for instant download licensing https://www.alilamedicalmedia.com/-/galleries/narrated-videos-by-topics/diabetes \u00a9Alila Medical Media. All rights reserved. Support us on Patreon and get FREE downloads and other great rewards: patreon.com/AlilaMedicalMedia All images/videos by Alila Medical Media are for information purposes ONLY and are NOT intended to replace professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of a qualified healthcare provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Diabetes refers to a group of conditions characterized by a high level of blood glucose, commonly referred to as blood sugar. Too much sugar in the blood can cause serious, sometimes life-threatening health problems. There are two types of chronic diabetic conditions: type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. Pregnant women may acquire a transient form of the disease called \u201cgestational diabetes\u201d which usually resolves after the birth of baby. Pre-diabetes is when the blood sugar level is at the borderline: higher than normal, but lower than in diabetics. Prediabetes may or may not progress to diabetes. During food digestion, carbohydrates - or carb - break down into glucose which is carried by the bloodstream to various organs of the body. Here, it is either consumed as an energy source - in muscles for example - or is stored for later use in the liver. Insulin is a hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas and is necessary for glucose intake by target cells. In other words, when insulin is deficient, muscle or liver cells are unable to use or store glucose, and as a result, glucose accumulates in the blood.  In healthy people, beta cells of the pancreas produce insulin; insulin binds to its receptor on target cells and induces glucose intake.  In type 1 diabetes, beta cells of the pancreas are destroyed by the immune system by mistake. The reason why this happens is unclear, but genetic factors are believed to play a major role.  Insulin production is reduced; less insulin binds to its receptor on target cells; less glucose is taken into the cells, more glucose stays in the blood. Type 1 is characterized by early onset, symptoms commonly start suddenly and before the age of 20. Type 1 diabetes is normally managed with insulin injection. Type 1 diabetics are therefore \u201cinsulin dependent\u201d. In type 2 diabetes, the pancreas produces enough insulin but something goes wrong either with receptor binding or insulin signaling inside the target cells. The cells are not responsive to insulin and therefore cannot import glucose; glucose stays in the blood. In other words, type 2 diabetics are \u201cinsulin resistant\u201d.  Here again, genetic factors predispose susceptibility to the disease, but it is believed that lifestyle plays a very important role in type 2. Typically, obesity, inactive lifestyle, and unhealthy diet are associated with higher risk of type 2 diabetes. Type 2 is characterized by adult onset; symptoms usually appear gradually and start after the age of 30. Type 2 diabetes accounts for about 80 to 90% of all diabetics. Management focuses on weight loss and includes a low-carb diet.", "tags": ["yt:quality=high", "Type 2 Diabetes (Disease Or Medical Condition)", "Diabetes Mellitus (Disease Or Medical Condition)", "Type 1 Diabetes (Disease Or Medical Condition)", "Health (Industry)", "type 1 diabetes versus type 2 diabetes", "blood sugar level", "blood glucose", "action of insulin", "action of insulin on target cells", "animated", "endocrine", "glucose transporter", "glut4", "health", "health care", "homeostasis", "hormones", "insulin receptor", "medical", "medicine", "metabolism", "pathway", "science", "signaling", "pathophysiology"], "comments": "i have recently changed my doctor for my mother , aged 58 ,weight 54\ntype 2 diabetes\nfbs : 135\nppbs : 170\nhe has changed previous doctors medicine from\ntenepride 20 + metformin 500\nto\nvidalagliptin 50 + metformin 500 after breakfast and metformin 500 after dinner daily\nis this combination ok w.r.t sugar treatment and side effects to body in long term ? which type of diabetes is worse? type 1 diabetics are actual victims, type 2 diabetics are victims of themselves. sounds harsh, but it's true. thanks wow perfectly explained. you make pathology easy for learners wow thanks for posting this. it was wonderful. thanks again. hey friend my mom was cure from her type 2 diabetes, i was so glad to hear the good news two\ndiabetes! friend you are battling with type two diabetes? i read that you could stop type 1 diabetes by disrupting the immune system's response. it'll be worth it if you are suffering from a chronic disease. my parents both have type 2 diabetes and i am trying to prevent getting type 2 diabetes because i don't want to be suffering from the disease. i will also ask my doctor if he can help me to keep my body insulin-resistant-free and keep my insulin production going without any problems. i've been told that type 2 diabetes is genetic if both parents have it or just one. i could only hope that my body doesn't become insulin resistant years later because i don't want to suffer from it or have complications from the disease. for example, all of you know that type 2 diabetes could cause gangrene if your healthy tissues start to die from high blood sugar or some other reasons. i was becoming overweight, i was getting close to 200 ibs at the age of 15 but i decided to lose weight. i was at 180 ibs and i burned about 50 ibs and my current weight now is between 120 to 130 ibs. my doctor was proud of me for losing weight and i am now working out so i could build muscle because i have lost weight too quickly and i have a little bit of excess skin on my stomach. can anyone please help me to find an exercise workout so i could build muscle on my stomach to make it hard? so well explained . thank you very much thanks professor hawking! 200-450 my a1c was 7.1 and my blood glucose was 800. am i a diabetic? i think that type 1 diabetes occurs because candida and harmful bacteria invade the pancreas and attack beta cells. my live in lraqi . i very love medicine . i in colleage of the medicine mujze diabetic thi maine sub try ki mujze fark nhi pada lekin mai ek vidh se desi dawa li or meri diabetic jad se khtam hogiyi sugar giving your body a answer ? both my parents are diabetic from a young age...around 30? i'm 18 and pre diabetic. i have depression and obesity. pretty sure i must be diabetic now. i also have a high level of cholesterol. i can't get myself to do anything. what should i do lllllll diabetes diabeto what's the difference between diabetic and diabetes @dane sha wow what a difference the difference between them is i won't share a sob story but will make a long story short. diabetes absolutely sucks ass, i don't care what anyone says, it sucks, it hurts and i'm tired of being tired. and what medications can create the parameters for the medical profession to call it diabetes after a stroke a person is injected with so much medication horrible medication which can manipulate the parameters for diabetes eliquis and lasik blood thinners manipulate and artificially raise the parameters a1c this is all a question a question thank you !! i'm a type 1 diabetic meri sugar pahle 300 se 400 tk badhti rahti thi tb mai allopathic dawa leta thi pr abhi meri sugar bas 120 se 140 se bich rahne lagi hai bet capsule aur livcon capsule se ye dawayi maine amazon se mangwayiye hai bohot aaramdayak dawayi hai bohot acch ayurvedic dawai hai aap b jarur use kijiye *throws away the chocolate i was eating tem que traduzir essa porra do cacete type 1 diabetes is when extremely early auto-inflammatory processes kill off all of the beta cells in the pancreas, usually at your youth or young age. it was known as juvenile-onset diabetes.\nbecause all of the beta cells are dead in type 1, a patient with type 1 is like a transplant patient out of surgery - that patient will have to take insulin every day like immunosuppressants - for the rest of one's life, until that patient is cured of this diabetes. very important vedio, thank you. hiii all through healthy nutrition diet and coach support tho mi diabetic level normal chesukovali anukunte contact cheyandi... my contact no. is in my dp hiii all through healthy nutrition diet and coach support tho mi diabetic level normal chesukovali anukunte contact cheyandi... my contact no. is in my dp this channel is a boon diabeetus nice one thank you i wish i knew this before my dad left me he had diabetes, when i was 12 yr he left me, he always dreamed that one day my son become a doctor and i will be his first patient. sorry to hear that. it is in times like that when we learn the most about so many situations so the best thing is probably to always have the initiative to learn things even if you do not need to. _diabeetus_ uu the best explanation i've heard. after searching and reading for hours, i found this channel which explains the difference between t1 and t2 so succinctly and clearly in just 3.27 minutes. i subscribed immediately. i'm 15 year old girl and i have type 1 diabetes btw thanks for this video @multi-stan oohh i am 10 and also have type 1 diabetes since 9 wow! its wonderful explanation\nthis youtube channel is filled with full of\nknowledge................ hallo there, in type 1 it is clear that no insulin is produced by b cell but in type 2. less insulin is produced or more? 1:49 insulin production reduced\n2:20 may i use this video on a zoom meeting? you can show it, yes. as long as it plays from our youtube channel, it's fine, no download please. super. this video explains clearly about diabetes pata kaise chalega ki type 1 hai ya type 2, iske liye kya test hota hai this video keeps saying that the cause is unknown or due to genetics , it's completely not the cas. the chance of getting diabetes from genetics is just 20% the rest 80% depends upon your diet even though excessive intake of glocuse doesn't cause diabetes , but it will surely promote if you are already suffering from it. perhaps there is no cure fordiabetesanywhere in the world.\naccording to indian culture!\nthere are four vedas of indian culture.rigya veda,atharva veda,shyam veda,yajur veda, there is a lot of knowledge hidden in these vedas, just need to find it.\nif there is only need,then it can end diabetes by making amedicine namedindravati. i am not saying this, it is speaking the language of vedas\nthis is how nikocado avocados body felt like i eat mash potato white rice egg, tempe, buncis soup. is the food im eating fine 2 consume? @larmar conner not yet only mild symptoms of diabetes. i'm trying 2 limit food im consuming like jengkol, soda not fine 4 me as it contain gas my friend what type of diabetes are you battling with? number 1 health nutrition .\n.\n.\n.\n.\n!!\n.\n,\n.\n!!\n!!\n.\n. life is nothing without diabetes. we need more patient from diabetes for reduce calories. laura thanks i learnt alot thought this vedios of how my father was lead of dead and hope i can maintain my health and diet sir, kindly clarify if type 2 diabetes is insulin resistant, how insulin injections works for treatment of same.. @alila medical media thanks sir.. insulin resistance means the cells are less responsive to insulin. increasing the amount of insulin may help increase the responsiveness in some people, who did not completely lose responsiveness to insulin. this only woks for some, not everyone. most people with type 2 already produce more insulin as an automatic response, so their insulin levels are already too high and they should manage with a low-carb diet, not with insulin injections. very well done . thank you. meri mom ka sugar 500+ rehta tha, maina 1 baid ji se desi dawa le sirf 4 month me diabetes jaad se khatam ho jad se khatam ho gayi ab 115 se 120 tak rehta hai, isliya unka waasup n he de diya maina apna nam ka sath... well explained thanks thanks for the info. my endo suggested me to use libre sensor with ambrosia blucon cgm. i have been using it for last one year and monitor blood glucose on phone and watch. i have type 1 diabetes can be a tough battle unless you are willing to cut back on unhealthy foods and simple exercise i got a mccafe ad before watching this thodisi jo pili hai. assalamu'alaikum thanks for description i was so confused till l see this video animation wao ! so so interesting.this isn't how i learnt in school though.school was tedious super wow! i'm so exited i just got rid of my diabetes with 12 days.i'm so filled with joy right now i know of a great doc who can help get rid of diabetes which diabetes 1 or 2 plz tell me congratulations how basically in type 1 insulin in not secreted/destroyed and in type 2 insulin though produced is of no or little importance liver abscess well explained. can you get a transplant? i just thought about it it is possible to cure diabetes with a transplant, but it is very difficult to find donors, and pancreatic transplants have very high risks of complications ????type 2 diabetics makes insulin? many type 2 diabetics make insulin but their problem the insulin does not function properly. can soda trigger diabetes? i recently stopped drinking soda (as it was my go to for energy) cold turkey and i have a difficult time functioning at times. i am always really exhausted. maybe it's my body trying to readjust to the drastic change. but could it also be a sign of diabetes? thank you for this video! stay away from soda and sugar so ... yes that and bread pasta i am no medical expert but what i can say is that, you have been adapted to getting quick energy from them. sugar is the worst form of energy as its very temporary and also very quick. that is why you should avoid energy drinks as they cause energy fluctuations in your body throughout the day. so i would recommend slowly avoding them and we should not suddenly stop any habit as our body adapts to things, so leave it slow which i hope you have done already. also please consult an actual doctor too is that why l cont poo and feel. my bons get hard and l drink a lot of chary coke is the sell a chance l coold sell liv if l stop drinking sugar drinks and try get a ditox drink to fix my gut problem l don't now it need go to a hospital for this problem am suffering from type 1: beta cell of pancr. does not produce insulin or pancreas is damaged by own immune system... so that the receptors doesn't work.\ntype : it's problem with receptor or signalling so that the insulin is become resistant.. wonderful and exactly what is diabetes. thanks sir 18 month childran diabetes types 1 help me sir you should see a doctor. type 1 is treatable with insulin injection, but you must follow doctor's order. checked my blood sugar today random-84<140, will check fasting in few fays hindi language me batayen thank you for this video,i can explain well my school report. the human body is flawed, unimpressive. there shouldn't be a system that relies on the use of insulin. instead blood sugar should freely flow into cells. because one of the causes of diabetes is insulin resistance. hello, i'm a diabetic (type 1) for more than 20 years, i made two videos about diabetes (one for type 1 and one for type 2), there you could find tips and useful information about this disease and how to treat it.\n@\n@\nyou could support me and my channel for more useful videos, about diabetes and generally how to live healthier. i got type 2 diabetes when i was 13 , now everything is going well after i lost weight ,\ni was 106 now im 87 , and im still tryna lose more weight , i still have a little more weight and i has question too\n, can i get recovered from type 2 diabetes if i lose all over weight and keep my diet healthy ? @larmar conner such a great event !\ncongrats bro ! hey friend my mom was cure from her type 2 diabetes, i was so glad to hear the good news @alila medical media okay , thanks for replying yes you can reverse type 2 diabetes by keeping a healthy weight, exercise, and eating heathy. merci seigneur je suis guerie de diabete wow sir now days children is also affected by diabetes why and how? if any children are affected by diabetes is there no cure for it? oooo thank you very much for this information .. that's type 1 diabetes, which is treated successfully with insulin injection, ask your doctor! thanks i am a type 1 diabetic, i feel like i should keep this video in my back pocket to help others understand the difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes i always believed that type 1 and 2 should be named something separate since they are kinda different. i usually find it difficult to explain to others but this video will do it for me. i'm also a type 1 diabetic i was diagnosed at 13 and i'm now 23. has always been a struggle for me. i also had no family history/members with diabetes type 1 i'm type 1 as well. i got diagnosed last month, i'm 19 years old. type 1 is mostly diagnosed in children, teens and young adults, so it occurs at early ages in life. most people in my family i know have type 2 because it's the most common form of diabetes in america, so it makes sense. i guess i'm the only one with type 1 in my family. which age do you get diabetes 1\nok but what is the cure of the second type suggest me indians best #diabetes #doctor please take sky fruit seeds for diabetes please take sky fruit seeds same problem mere dada ko bhi thi . kyy dwaiya use krne prr bhi n thik hone prr health nutrition ka use kiya . abb phle se bhut jyada frk h gud... well done... easy to understand stress -> high cortisol -> shrinkage of lymphs -> release of antibodies -> autoimmunity of various glands inculding pancreas, thyroid -> type1 diabetes, hashimoto etc. oh i have type 2 diabetes dear friend my mom was cured from type 2 diabetes, if you are ready i could tell you what to do very inaccurate explanation about what causes type ii. be careful can we remove glucose from the blood yashbiz join\ni'd sponsor yb210704207\nearn by network marketing super junior devil live in y i was just wondering if you want to be a good best channel i love your videos i always get a happy feeling when i see/meet someone with diabetes, makes me think that i am not the only one. though till the age of 8 i was the only one in my family besides my grandfather with diabetes. @ghost empire if i may ask, how many occasions accured that you had to throw up? or eventually drank a ton of water? because those two are the main symptoms that leads to diabetes. there is no one with diabetes in my famliy but i think i got diabetes and im so scared my test is good but still im nervous pls pray for me @m oh okay @i don't know what to put here i do gymnastics daily 2 hours and i also ride 2 times at week and i almost don't eat sugar anymore or i do in a really low amount @m try out some sports that are you feel attracted to (mine's fitness) i work out 3-6 times a week with 4 days heavy intensity training and the other two days a bit less, and following a diet can be beneficial. this video its vry understable and clear thanks me after this: guess i'll die fax is type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disorder?! thank you well explained cac diabo care tablet- these tablets are pure ayurvedic formulation. it contains herbal ingredients such as karela, jamun, ashwagandgha, gurmur, shuddha shilajeet, neem, dalchini. it maintains overall health and wellbeing, best for the liver detoxification and controls high blood pressure. it maintains the blood sugar level. jamun is well known to be effective in the treatment of diabetes, thus it reduces the level of glycosuria. it contains polypeptide-p which has shown to control diabetes naturally. my heart be moving a lil bit. i have diabetes appreciated !! superb cac ashwagandha tablet- these tablet are pure ayurvedic preparation which contains pure extract of ashwagandha. ashwagandha is used for arthritis, anxiety, bipolar disorder, insomnia, tumors, tuberculosis, asthma, leukoderma, bronchitis, backache, fibromyalgia, menstrual problems, and chronic liver disease. ashwagandha shows antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-diabetic, anti-cancer, anti-stress properties. it also regulates sugar metabolism and cholesterol. very useful video o my mother in law she has a diabetic. he cured my mom diabetic iam a gout patient.. how to cure permanently from gout disease. pliz keep suggestion. he cured my mom very helpful video. your videos made everything clear .... thanks....keep uploading. wow it helpful me nicely thanks for the upload !! xd why are discover remedies for diabetics that answered my questions. thank you for the video. dawaj po polsku kurwa nie rozumim perfect thank you so much nice loved this video! the animations made it so much easier to understand. finally i get it!!!! thank you! the one non-diabetic person on here who actually cares about diabetics and doesn't automatically assume they are fat. thanks thank you , this video is very clear :) o hate these subtitles super c est succinct et clair\nmerci excellent presentation nice video @the great papyrus yes\ni agree @nr scarlet\nnice comment yes\ni agree can someone answer my question type 1 and type 2 which one is more worst @soph's outlet so type 1 is more worst probably type 1 i have it but type 2 is also bad how do you make this animation can't be better than this so people who have type two diabetes will not require insulin injections? fuck low cab diet. the body needs and requires sugar to live. thank you. it's very concise to understand. let me guess.........the narrator is of east asian descent. south asians also have diabetes i'm 30 now was diagnosed when i was 15. it's been 15 years.. i've had it for 10 years and i'm only thirteen!!! thank you so so much pour toute traitement de vih sida diabete l'hepatite b kystes myomes fibromes prostate hypertension cancer pertes blanches l'ejaculation precoce, developpement du penis et tout autre probleme, contacte le +22951888839 via whatsapp. avec ces traitement la guerison est total et definitive. well done i really wish people work on their fight and flight mode of body. people can live diabetic free life to large extent. informative this is exactly the video i needed to do my research lucid explanation. please post more videos. great job. i always forget the difference though i read it multiple times. but this video was so well explained that i can remember it forever now. thank you so much!! i have recently changed my doctor for my mother , aged 58 ,weight 54\ntype 2 diabetes\nfbs : 135\nppbs : 170\nhe has changed previous doctors medicine from\ntenepride 20 + metformin 500\nto\nvidalagliptin 50 + metformin 500 after breakfast and metformin 500 after dinner daily\nis this combination ok w.r.t sugar treatment and side effects to body in long term ? me too hahha hi hundi.\nblack. diabetes type 2 : h welcome my fellow students who are watching this before there exams tomorrow health and wellness class 2021 exams are tomorrow i need an a on the exam! contact this man he can help you you can use ambrosia blucon with libre sensor and getting readings on your apple watch without even your phone in every 5 minutes. i wear my watch day and night just to avoid missing any alarm when my phone is not with me. it is working great with my watch. thank you for this very informative content like si tambien lees los comentarios tengo que verme el video it's a misconception that type 1 is early onset. lots of people get it after 20. also, some people do not have to start insulin therapy for 2-3 years after diagnosis. it's not always sudden. every body is different -- this video is just generally how it happens. <3 @mcj i know what they're saying, and you! :) i'm just trying to help clarify for those who are doing their \"online research.\" diabetes is a hard concept for newbies, and for so long, the idea has been that only children can get it: \"juvenile\" diabetes. :))\ntype 1 is sudden onset. by the time it's noticed, insulin therapy is immediately necessary for survival. not preventable.\nlada (type 1.5) can go up to 2 years (sometimes, usually sooner) before needing insulin therapy, but will always end up depending on it. not preventable.\ntype 2 does not necessarily need insulin therapy unless their pancreas is damaged due to overproduction of insulin, which ends up being many, but it is preventable. generally preventable. they mean it mostly contracts to people that are pre adult (so in puberty, ur body is changing). this happened to me and i had to begin injecting myself with insuline from day 1 and had to take phosphate for a time since my blood was poisoned (ketones) very informative and concise he revertido la diabetes a pesar que los doctores pensaban que era imposible.. do i have diabetes???\ni'm 28 year old female, quite healthy, normal weight, average active.\nfor the last couple of years, whenever i eat anything carb heavy for lunch (i fast until lunch daily) i get abnormally tired. i recently got a oral glucose test, and is still waiting for the results. meanwhile i have been checking my blood sugar daily, waking up daily at around 4-6mmol.\nand whenever i eat anything very high carb (like 100g of fat chips), my blood sugar would rocket to 18 even 20mmol after one out of eating!!!\nand two hours later it would go straight let down to 5mmol!\ni'm so confused, everything is normal until i eat something carb heavy or sugary.\ndo i have diabetes????\nif so is there a chance do i have type two or type one?\nthank you!!!!! earthyboon sugar vita ras works well for me. as soon as i was diagnosed with diabetes i opted for sugarvita ras.\nmy postprandial level is around 120 to 160. sudden spikes to me occur only when i mismanage stress. sugar knocker also helps me to manage hunger very well... what should be the levels of normal suger in a body 80-120 well explained excelente video\nmuy interesante i have type 2 and its been over a year since i was diagnosed. since then i took insulin and pills for about 2 weeks until i decided to stop and switched to a super low carb and sugar lifestyle. its been more than 1 yr now and i have not had my glucose lvls go higher than 120 (usually between 90 & 110). i still eat ice cream and burgers sometimes but i make sure to exercise daily! and i always check my glucose at home daily just in case. its crazy how much money i've saved from not buying insulin, needles, and meds.... bc i dint have insurance for my meds so i payed almost $200 for my first insulin medication for a month. can you please detail your diet and exercise, that will help many who are trying to get rid of medication and so is my mother(she aged 58 and weighs 54), please help elaborate as much as you can. @chris smith that's what the meat industry want's you to think. humans do not need meat at all to thrive. it is fine if you eat a little now and then, like 1 or twice a week max, that shouldn't impact your health, but in our western diets we eat animal products from breakfast to diner which is not good at all. i see people in this conversation blaming carbs as well but just look at other countries that do not live off the western diet, they practically have no diabetes...\nthose our western diseases !\ni suggest looking into this video for example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkgk2samd7s @anthony toulemonde but i heard humans need some kind of meat hi, have you tried consuming less animal products ? carbs are depicted as the enemy here which they are not ! if you reduce your animal product intake, it can make a drastic difference ! today i was diagnosed with diabetes. i have high blood pressure, fatty liver disease, and my triglyceride levels are through the roof. my doctor said it would be hopeful for me to make it to 50 years old if nothing changes. i'm 18, and i'm terrified. i am forever grateful to dr umoru who cured my mom from diabetes with his effective herbal product. you can get in touch with this great doctor via email drumoru01@gmail. com or whatsapp/call +2348165436638 thanks alots. i need video for explain heavy metal toxicosis like lead and mercury. also, about peptic ulcer and paracetamol hepatotoxicity and rheumatoid arthritis. thannnnnnnnnnnnks damn drinking too much energy drink is dangerous hindi pls very well explained. superb... wow!! best i got in 1 time thx the first 2 minute video that i fell asleep to. diabetes patients can able to born baby i have type 1 diabetes since i was 15 yrs old and now i'm 21yrs old. @chuck red keep fighting and i hope you take care of yourself sending love i had type 1 diabetes when i was 7 now i'm 18 @very boy i hate it too but having a type 1 need to have a inject insulin.incouragement him before it's too late. latest research shown,such disease is caused by too much processed food, dairy and animal fats. going plant based diet reverses the problem. thank you\ni learn a lot from this video i used harbor leaves and cure many dibetis i love your reviews always clear and easy to understand pas mal extremely well done! thank you so much. i learned a lot. misleading information clothed in general statements. type 2: fat and fat is the problem. low carb is just nonsense here. the cells are plugged up with fat and the insulin cannot do its job. it is very simple, but special interests want to keep the public ignorant about the role of meat and fat. great very good good vid! ali a gaming this is not looking to great you can die having a bad hypo yes kool ye itni mushkil tarike se isliye samjhate hain taki koi samjh ke thik na ho jaye diabtes. hai. muza. 12. unit. ke. insulins. lagta. hai. maine. amazon. per. se. bet. capsule. mzngwzliya. ak mahine. ke. use. se. mera. insulins. kam. ho. gaye. tin. mahine. ke. use. se. mera. insulins. band. ho. gaye. diabetes. me. aram. mila. company. no. 9767955885 thank you type 2 diabetes has become soo common now due to mostly peoples poor diets that pretty much everyone knows someone that has it. been t1d for 5 years. pump and cgm i have been diagnosed for 2 months i have a cgm but have not gotten a pump yet ayy same i was diagnosed august 2016 i have been worried for a while that i may have diabetes will go and speak to my dr now very useful video awesome information... thankji... thank you for superb information. thank you ! you're welcome :) superb information diabetes 2 person can us fish oil omega 3 plz can u tel me hello @doctor okougbe so how u will send me medicine and how much cost that medicine plz tel me @sameer syed yes i do good video, very helpful. quick and easy to follow. thank you very true well explained wow, i have type 2 before eating me 6.8and eating after 9.2 sugar level it is on wonder diabetic merci pour vos informations sur le diabete gd evening sir\npls sir ,\ntell me , definition of type1 diabetes @ type 2 diabetes thaks you my buddy recommended this \"vnj fivu\" (google it) for my weight and diabetes. this guide the best fitness and diet regime to go by. right after one day on the diet plan my blood sugar levels was decrease about thirty five points, and by day 4 it was lower about 60 points. that worked well, having said that, and i felt great. i'm so pleased that i was able to stabilize my blood sugar levels.. look into the gaps diet!! we can heal our body!! im on it!!!! you can die by type one diabetes i believe yes if my son don't take shot he's on his knees fighting his life niye ingilizce..neden turkce anlatim degil..??? my aunt has type 2 diabetes :( @cindy smith lmao what a joke there is cure to type 2 diabetes.. natural roots and herbs cure effective and has no side effect am i have diabetes type 1 all my life i have diabetes 30 year..am i have 39 year old 2018\n. cindy smith where can i find that doctor? thanks in advance cindy smith what there is no cure i have it wish there was though :( don't feel all hope is lost.. there is cure to diabetes... a herbal doctor cure mine with natural roots and herbs.. very effective and has no side effect. use 9e5 thank you for this! it's so clear and straight to the point. @aaliyah varona : best wishes, aaliyah, for all to follow. @charlie west ahh, that comment was when i was a freshman in high school now i'm about to graduate.. damn time flies. yes, no waffling. hope they're is a cure for diabetes soon. @sara i was cured with herbal medicine that was prepared by a female herbal doctor osewe, i came across her on youtube and she gave me her words that she's gonna cure me at first i was scared until she call me on whatsapp and we talk then i finally agreed to purchase her herbal medicine which i took and to my greatest surprise her medicine work so well, she also gave me the food diet list that am still on now. i really appreciate her for it @cindy smith can you please share how you cured yourself? there is a cure to diabetes, a naturally made herbs..that what i use to cure mine some people says alkaline water is best for diabetes and other illness can reverse diabetes i want to know *_i must be slow i didn't get or put together how you not contract this..._* @alila medical media *_thank you _* no you are not :) this video didn't really talk about that, but this one may help : https://youtu.be/tofflt1equw my great great grandmother nana loudermilk's son passed away from type 1 diabetes 2 years ago. i had type 1 diabetes when i was 7 now i'm 18 there is cure to diabetes checking out \"vnj fivu\" (google it) will help you to cure diabetes and achieve a healthy way of life. for a time period of 1 months, my partner has been a keen follower of the program. he has been dependent to insulin for five years in his six year long struggle against type two diabetes. his eating habits have favorably altered since he has been an avid reader and follower of this plan. ummm... is this hjune? lmao my book is saying that diabetes type 2 can require insulin sometimes which didn't make sense. type 2 diabetes occurs when the pancreas doesn't produce enough insulin to carry the insulin to the organs. that's why they take pills (some need injections too) to make the pancreas overwork and then when it stops working completely, they need insulin injections only. thankyou whenever medical science says it is 'unclear why it happens' one could assume they are hiding some simple fact from public and secretly helping the pharma monsters get richer. there is natural remedy to cure diabetes.. very effective hello2ability ...i can't tell if you're joking or actually a bit special @anastasia semenova of course it is not possible for them to know everything. however, i have come across testimonials from scientists and doctors on internet about how research conclusions were manipulated to make people fall into expensive and protracted medical treatment. my statement is based on this fact. or... there hasn't been enough research that came up with a clear and concise answer. you'd be foolish to think that scientists and doctors know everything about the body. thank you... plz more vedeo of this kind i have type one and peaple think that its cuz of suger bcs thay get confuesd beteen the tow types its so nice to se a vid explaneing it all @giselle torres insulin don't cured herpes it only reduce it, but herbs can cured it permanently without any trace of it @cindy smith absolutely not. the only way to treat type 1 is through insulin. no amount of crazy herbs from the internet will cure me. all types of diabetes can be cured through natural herbs very effective thank you for good tips. nice video *diabeetus* whelp 30 years old. my doctor told me last week i was pre diabetic. ok, my diet only consisted of fried foods every day, and not a single vegetable. wake up call. my diet is completely different. let's just say i eat nothing but vegetables, and fish. low fat yogurt small portion in the morning banana. lunch a salad with tuna on it, and dinner vegetables with some form of meat. i loss 10 pounds in less than a week. the mainl problem is sugar and protein , google jason fung and you ll understand better i've been spending time with the help of my son researching into treating diabetes and found a fantastic resource at natural remedy tactic (check it out on google) i u have diabetes type 2 thn doing keto diet will disappear the disease it's superb here's several suggestions you can try\neat one meal daily made with bitter melon\ntender mango leaves tea\neat bitter gourd daily this contains an insulin type compound\n(i discovered these and why they work on natural remedy tactic website ) sarath nair ugh , i'm eating salads, and my stomach hurts daily, because i'm always hungry :'( i didt know this,i was wondering tho because in school my bff abbie has type 2 there is cure to diabetes naturally without no modern medication.. pure herbs your video made everything clear for me. hey hey hey what a mighty god we serve. i'm dr k from az. i want to share my experience after using dr kanayo natural treatment to cure my hiv and diabetes. after years of fight this deathly sickness i almost gave up hope until last month i got introduce to dr kanayo whatsapp contact : +1(90) 93-75-56-42 by a lady he cured from diabetes here on utube so i thought to myself why don't i give his treatment a try. to god be the glory it really worked i got cured after 14 days of using dr kanayo natural treatment. i was over warm with joy when my doctor told me linda you're free from hiv and diabetes. thank you dr kanayo for staying true to your words. anyone experiencing this similar problems don't hesitate to text him. i bet you will surely thank me in weeks to come. stay strong god bless you doctor. i love you sir!!! nice video content! apologies for the intrusion, i would love your thoughts. have you ever tried - patlarny diabetes ruins principle (should be on google have a look)? it is a great one of a kind guide for destroying diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some super things about it and my mate after a lifetime of fighting got great results with it. there's a wonderful documentary called \"fat sick and nearly dying.\"\nit's a good watch. i have diabetes got it on my birthday when i was 3 and in 10 now yes i seen it..very good watch.. my father has 304 sugar ... i know it's very high ... what to do ... can u help me @urmomsahoe he died 3 year ago @urmomsahoe no he is still alive eat twice a day instead of 3. have late breakfast and early dinner. go to sleep at least 4 hours after last meal and don't have any bread/carbs in that meal. hello my good people.. there is a cure to diabetes.. and high sugar can low excellent video. thanks! thank you so much good information by visualisation\nliked it nice great video! apologies for chiming in, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you heard about - patlarny diabetes ruins principle (do a search on google)? it is a smashing one off guide for destroying diabetes without the headache. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my friend at last got cool results with it. pedro alb nice video content! forgive me for butting in, i would love your initial thoughts. have you heard about - patlarny diabetes ruins principle (search on google)? it is a good one of a kind product for destroying diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some incredible things about it and my buddy after a lifetime of fighting got cool results with it. its not many times i am surprized however watching this certainly caused me to say wow but did viewers know there's new cure\npeople all over the world are seeing improvement i found out about this from reading website check it out look for ralfs remedy method on google to overcome all your disease is or inorder to avoid any disease is ....\n\"remove your tension, pressure, ego, fear, ............\"\naccept what the world gives...\naccept what it takes from u.... hari krishna you're absolutely right bro yes pancreas can come from death by positive thinking hari krishnan good thought ... i'm type 1 diabetes and need insulin injection..its hurt me a lot what is ketoacidiosis &its management anwar latif dka ketones in your blood that is acid due to hight blood sugars i am a type 1 diabetic and from this video it tells me that the cause is unclear and generally is just from genetic reasons. that means it's almost arbitrary and inevitable... genetic mutation may alter in few cases thanks, really helped me with my homework. best i could find! :-) it's not genetic, it's the food @mcj negative not type 1 other way around :) type 1 is food type 2 is genetic with type two, genetics may or may not play a part in predisposing a person, and the usual culprit for onset is diet. however, type 1 diabetes is different and the cause is most often genetic. like the video explained, it is due to an immune system malfunction. type 1 has no cure, and it is hard to live with.\nnever judge someone for whatever illnesses they have. if you are not their doctor, you do not know the cause and you do not know what they are dealing with in their private life. it is important to listen to others in order to better understand them, their lifestyle, and disease. i'm a type 1 diabetic..i got diagnosed in july...its not as easy as you think it's defiantly the worst thing that has ever happened to me...and you can't get rid if it i was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when i was 7 now i'm 18 @muhammad irfan how to get rid tyep one muhammad irfan how please tell me i'm 15 and diabetic @victor bayarri same i hate how he calls non-diabetics \"healthy\" but most type 1 diabetics are completely healthy but just manually depend on taking insulin instead of your pancreas doing it for you. alot of non diabetics are prediabetics looking at how many people are obese. dgk tactical people with type 1 diabetes can often live very healthy lifestyles as their life is completely in their hands however in this case \"healthy\" is referring to a normal functioning body. when you have a chronic illness you aren't exactly \"healthy\" although you may live a healthy lifestyle obviously having diabetes isn't healthy. it's a disease. dgk tactical i'd like to add a few lines to your commeng. we all have insulin in us. it is just that our insulin creation is just creating less or even nothing at all. only difference is the way we insert our insulin. been living with diabetes type-1 for 9 years. comments that are false is indeed as you said very unintellegent. i don't understand... so what causes type 1?? type 1 diabetics don't produce insulin what so ever so we have to inject mainly in type 1 diabetes, the body doesn't make enough insulin. the reason this happens is that there is a type 4 hypersensitivity response or a cell-mediated immune response where a persons own t cells attack pancreas. it doesn't make sense to allow t cells that will attack our own cells and so there is this process to eliminate them called \"self-tolerance\". in type 1 diabetes, there is a genetic abnormality causes a loss of self-tolerance among t cells that specifically target the beta cell antigens. losing self-tolerance means that these t cells are allowed to recruit other immune cells and coordinate an attack on these beta cells. losing beta cells means less insulin and less insulin means that glucose piles up in the blood, because it can't enter the bodys cells.. thewhogivesashitchannel it's a genetically or random thing to happen, not your fault at all your immune system mistakenly attacks the beta cells in the pancreas which produce insulin - it's not entirely certain what exactly triggers the immune system to attack those cells but having a virus is a possible trigger, genetics can put you at risk as well. the beta cells in your pancreas producing little to no insulin. type 2 diabetes happens over the age of 40 not always. happens to anyone that eats way too much and sits on couch afterwards danil xu i eat 3 full meals a day sahjan nu soup daibes ma lai shkay not completely shown good video thank you thank you for watching! follow us on twitter https://twitter.com/alilamedical for instant notification of our new videos! my question is, if a mother is diabetic when she is pregnant, will it pass on to her child. peep - noluck wow so i am a type one diabetic and my father is a type 2 diabetic, i got around 3% chance to become a diabetic and that's exactly what happened... talk about unlucky suman karkera as a type 1 diabetic myself, there is about 15% chance for your child to become diabetic aswell. tho only if the father is diabetic, for women with diabetes type 1 the chances slims down to 2-3% that the child could become diabetic. suman karkera most likely no. my question is, if a mother is diabetic when she is pregnant, will it pass on to her child. no dear hmm, what a coincidence saying that your name is khoi, and my vietnamese cousin's name is khoi and he is diabetic. thank you! alila medical media :) you are welcome :) i have a question my boy has diabetes type 2 but his getting like little red bumps that they itching alot mayra valdovinos for me it randomly happens i'm not sure why but i guess when the blood sugar goes high thank you, good video zannatul zan try using ganoderma products available worldwide, we used it for 5years already,my famiky had hereditary diabetic cases", "likes": "30073", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Alila Medical Media", "chanenelID": "UCiTGKA9W0G0TL8Hm7Uf_u9A", "subscribers": "909000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 225.0, "keyword": "diabetes type", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.09534625892455924}
{"id": "-B-RVybvffU", "title": "Diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2) & diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA)", "views": "1641103", "date_published": "2019-09-10", "description": "What is diabetes mellitus? Diabetes mellitus is when there's too much glucose, a type of sugar, in the blood. Diabetes mellitus can be split into type 1, type 2, as well as a couple other subtypes, including gestational diabetes and drug-induced diabetes.   Find our complete video library only on Osmosis Prime: http://osms.it/more.  Hundreds of thousands of current & future clinicians learn by Osmosis. We have unparalleled tools and materials to prepare you to succeed in school, on board exams, and as a future clinician. Sign up for a free trial at http://osms.it/more.  Subscribe to our Youtube channel at http://osms.it/subscribe.    Get early access to our upcoming video releases, practice questions, giveaways, and more when you follow us on social media: Facebook: http://osms.it/facebook Twitter: http://osms.it/twitter Instagram: http://osms.it/instagram  Our Vision: Everyone who cares for someone will learn by Osmosis. Our Mission: To empower the world\u2019s clinicians and caregivers with the best learning experience possible. Learn more here: http://osms.it/mission  Medical disclaimer: Knowledge Diffusion Inc (DBA Osmosis) does not provide medical advice. Osmosis and the content available on Osmosis's properties (Osmosis.org, YouTube, and other channels) do not provide a diagnosis or other recommendation for treatment and are not a substitute for the professional judgment of a healthcare professional in diagnosis and treatment of any person or animal. The determination of the need for medical services and the types of healthcare to be provided to a patient are decisions that should be made only by a physician or other licensed health care provider. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified healthcare provider with any questions you have regarding a medical condition.", "tags": ["Health (Industry)", "Medicine (Field of Study)", "Disease (Cause of Death)", "Osmosis", "Pathology (Medical Specialty)", "what is", "nursing (field of study)", "Nursing school (organization)"], "comments": "i have recently changed my doctor for my mother , aged 58 ,weight 54\nfbs : 135\nppbs : 170\nhe has changed previous doctors medicine from\ntenepride 20 + metformin 500\nto\nvidalagliptin 50 + metformin 500 after breakfast and metformin 500 after dinner daily\nis this combination ok w.r.t sugar treatment and side effects to body in long term ? waoo! truly impressed thanks, abhinav! is banana good for diabetes? thanks a lot this stuff is alot for knowing so so well the clear concept of diabetes and the physiological reasons behind it.. this is very perfect explanation!! thanks and welcome! very well explained and though-out video - thanks. you're most welcome! @osmosis ur videos are great. its a shame i didn't came across these lecture videos when i started med school. you r better than those so called profesors i have. and i am studying medicine in spanish language. when everything is explained in simple english like this, it makes it so much better to understand. love your videos. wow, thank you! thanks for sharing this, judith! meri mom ka sugar 500+ rehta tha, maina 1 baid ji se desi dawa le sirf 4 month me diabetes jaad se khatam ho gayi 115 se 120 tak rehta hai, isliya unka waasup n he de diya yha maina apna nam ka sath 'in general ,that is the only sweet thing about this condition' love the pun take my except it's not mine 16:52 thanks you're welcome, yusuf! its completely high yield information thank a million you're welcome, muna! sensational the subtitles are in brazilian portuguese, not in portuguese portuguese as described if ketoacidosis is due to increased levels of potassium in the blood, why would you want to suppliment potassium to someone with ketoacidosis ? would that not also increase the levels of potassium in the blood and cause more problems? thanks for this videowish for more great videos osmosis:) most welcome, renalyn! thank you i feel better now since i got diabetes no one can explain a topic so easily and effectively as osmosis always our pleasure to help in your medical studies! jesus christ loves y'all repent everyone he his coming very soon, halleluyah amazing hi ludovica! thank you! i felt i was out of this world till i heard thanks for watching that's when i came back to myself\nthis was soo touching as a medical student theres so much to learn but time limited meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor we hope our video helped, mercy! hi sir, i'm a new subscriber.\ni really enjoyed this video.\nvery brief note thank you, ciita! i wonder if people who develop diabetes were also heavy caffeine users. the energy levels up and down may wear off into other parts of the bodily chemistry. this video is by far the best medical teaching video i have seen thus far. the animations and the way everything was broken down made learning the material both fun and easy! midway through the video i thought, \"hey! i understand this!\" you've earned a new subscriber. thank you for teaching those who can't get proper teaching at school. meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor wow, what a lovely feedback! thank you so much, clarrisa! definitely made our day! excellent video!!\nsuperb explaination.. thanks a lot, mishka! i want to know why insulin is given in typeii dm when there is still insulin resistance component . thank u so much ! ur explanation is superb . it is incredible how comprehensive/extensive this is! i am working on a graduate-level term project and have pages of notes just off of this video. even that pales in comparison to how much my understanding increased just off of the presentation of visuals + narration meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor that sounds awesome, brandon! thanks for letting us know. best of luck with your project! i pray too god i don't have that stuff at all. you can use these products, its quality is very good best explanation i ever got about diabetes. glad you think so, simoni! thank you for this excellent explanation. now i heard that a cure for type 1 diabetes has been discovered by transplanting insulin-producing stem cells. is this true? thank you so much!!! you're welcome! you are the best thank you! perfect thanks! thanks a lot always welcome, raghad! you are amusing and good. i so happy by it .thanks so mach bro . so nice of you, desu! the quality of education should be like this....why to pay for tuitions...great osmosis... thanks, prashant! glad you appreciate it! great information glad you think so! waao osmosis, really looking forward to purchase your pack hope you like it! sorry but what is analyte/parametes to diagnosed diabetes mellitus hey terrific videos! have you considered doing a video on red/s? it's the more robust explanation of female athlete triad (also concerns men). very prevalent in sports and also very under diagnosed. i don't mind giving you all of my notes and sources on the topic if you decide to do a video. hi john! thanks for this suggestion. our team will be taking this into consideration. have a lovely week! you really good at explaining. i understand more thanks for the feedback, princess! very good content, learned a lot. glad to know, aljoean! why do we treat ketoacidosis with potassium replacement?? the patient here will have hyperkalemia do to an increase in the protons, so isn't giving potassium gonna worse the situation ? i bet 90% of that 10 are americans thank you!!! im on 7th grade and i have an exam about this in 5min this video literally saved my life thank you. awesome! we're glad our video was able to help! really a awesome one thanks, varshini! john peter smith hospital ft worth . wish me luck dont think i mae it . dont forget to answer you own prayers . turns out you are your heavenly father . seeing my son kaysen was a blessing as well ... thankyou thank you so much, you have no idea! my medical nutrition professor refuses to make lectures and insists we learn from only reading a textbook. you help me so much!!!! sorry to hear about your professor but we're glad that our videos are able to help you! if there are topics that aren't in our yt channel, feel free to create a trial account over at osmosis.org so you can access our entire video library. you won't be charged once the trial ends. thank you so much any time! hi thank you you are telling great. both your knowledge and telling style and your teaching technique. but i wonder which program are you using on computer. waiting for your answers hi dr.faith! here's how osmosis videos are made: https://www.osmosis.org/blog/2020/11/27/how-osmosis-videos-are-made# thanks this video just got me 97/100;in my final medical school interview really happy and looking forward to great content ahead thank you so much osmosis meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor woohoo! congratulations on this awesome feat, manan! thanks for sharing with wonderful news with us. always glad to help! so so goodddddd super! thank you <3 really dm disccribe 5 batter then our college professor glad to help, shashi! this might be the best one just assumption:\nthere is a balanced relationship between nature and man.\nthis balance should produce healthy results.\nit is necessary to understand the balance between nature and man correctly.\nif you eat raw fat, the raw fat in your body will melt and disappear.\nif you eat sugary fruits, your blood sugar will go down.\nreal raw honey can lower blood sugar.\nrefined sugar is poison.\nrefined sugar is a foreign, unidentified substance to the body.\ndo not eat refined sugar.\nrefined sugar is not found in nature.\nrefined foods are not part of nature.\nrefined foods disrupt the balance between nature and humans.\nrefined foods upset people's balance.\nwhat i do is \"brainstorm\".\ni am generating ideas so that we can understand the relationship between nature and humans correctly. thank u so much thank you so much sir!!!! it helped me a lot now i'm medical student (2021) thankful osmosis for easier and summarised lecture but i want follow even when doctor become thank you! our pleasure to help! diabetes can be a tough battle unless you are willing to cut back on unhealthy foods and simple exercise very nice this makes me want to jog later today :d the key is to protect people from health hazards such as diabetes, heart attack, stroke, brain annurysim & obisity. we should have a health plan using a card system for different stages of a person's health. for example each individual's such as borderline, diabetics & stroke victims should have a dietary plan to follow on a weekly basis. because there is nothing more important than good health. if the comply with the dietary plan their should be rewards & if not, consequences. the plan should also include 3 days a week exercise. awesome thank you osmosis for helping me to pass my 2nd professional mbbs exam at 2017. oh, wow! our pleasure to be part of your medical journey, saptarshi! short concises bref good presented thanks! knowing that my mother had this diabetes mellitus type 1 is really hard, she died 3 years ago because of this disease and i keep learning everything that i can in order to help other people and understand more about other pathology cases, thanks @osmosis omg love you guys so much thanks for the compliment and yes i understood everything about diabetes now and i appreciate for the content thanks for sharing this, benjamin. it's admirable what you are doing. hope that we were able to help you better understand this disease. great video i love the content but the voice in this video is boring thanks for your feedback, anna and we're sorry to hear this. very informative video thanks great videos but too many ad interruptions sorry to hear that, jennie. what an explanation man how about making array comparison of dna, rna, proteasome, and glycocalyx etc. cell surface markers. first harvest of undifferentiated (prime?) cells and generating those to the very persons own all cell types. then comparison within cancer cell and all cell markers. southern blot, dot blot, western blot etc. vis absorbance measurement in multiarray of maybe 1000x1000 units, automeasurement with rbg-led input cmos multicolor absorbance density of substance-ligande binding density. in the ground of founding density of primarily surface markers, start i.v. treatment with at least ten immunogenic upregulating or downregulating substances, igg or other type. nibis can be used inside cell, mabis to surface. this treatment could be rheumatoid disease - cancer disease - inflammatory modulating medication. comparison of impact of treatment could be clinical. mental, physical, cardiorespiratory and neurological health, force, motoric skills and abilities and sensoric nervous system health. disease impact could be monitored with ultrasound, ct, mri, contrast mediator or without, and iron enhanced mri.\nnibis, mabis and igg so called active parts generating with chaotic combinating algorithms. is not the normal immunity chaos too, generating enormous number of variative and then testing them first to prevent too much autoimmunity? always love osmosis, thank youu thanks for the love, faadhilah! best video out there you are the best, you are a blessing from god. thank you so much you're welcome, giselle! nashe\nhomework done, thx osmosis thanks a lot for that amazing explanation y glad it was helpful, amira! i am from malaysia. i proposed to college to subscribe but was rejected due to budget constraint. i hope i can afford in future to support this. there are plenty of good videos too on youtube but osmosis provides flashcards, quiz, clinical reasoning, updated news useful for learning. @osmosis noted with thanks. i already email. hi! if you can, please contact support@osmosis.org so that our team can assist you with your school's subscription. om pure love could you add canadian levels with your presentations please. this will help make a complete lessen for us northerners i learnt a 3 hour topic in 19 minutes thanks to osmosis that's great! glad to help in your studies, samuel! glycosuria = sweet pee\npolyuria = equals lots of pee what font is being used? it's so calming and pleasant to view haha thank you so much magnificent i see that hyaline arteriolosclerosis - has nearly the same fibrotic damage in the arterioles as damaging glomerularsclerosis does to the kidney's filtration system. the hyaline deposits (the purple sticks in the animation diagram above) are there caused by mesangial cell matrix release causing these deposits, causing a drop in the gfr of the kidneys. coincidentally - this kidney damage also happens when you have diabetic nephrotic syndrome too!!!!!!!!!!!! can a type 2 diabetic get dka? @john comfort i've been diabetic for 20 years.. and i know that if your c peptide was 2.0.. that means you were producing insulin.. so taking herbs did not cure you of type 1 diabetes... i also noticed that you didn't answer the question as to how long you were type 1 diabetic.. @john comfort if you had 2.0 c peptide.. you were not type 1.. @jorge carrejo still have a strong believe you will celebrate good health again.\neven me i never believe i will be happy in good health again, but now it is completely gone @jorge carrejo 2.0 amazing work! good topic thanks type 1 is diabetes\ntype 2 is diabeetus considering type 2 diabetes is at least partially reversible in most cases why don't more people bother to make lifestyle changes and just continue living with it? surely such a condition is enough motivation to actually put some effort into changing your habits? when someone explained me how diabetes mellitus type 1 developes there was a really cute explanation\nso, let's imagine the insulin are keys in the blood, keys that open the doors to the cells so the sugar can move in and fuel the cells.\nwhen you have diabetes mellitus type 1, these keys are missing and so your cells don't get enough sugar (fuel) and then you start feeling exhausted.\nyour body can't produce the keys because the body destroyed a part of itself.\nheared that explanation when i was i think 7 or 8 years old. i think this is pretty accurate and easy to understand\ni still love this picture in my head when i think about that explanation thanks a lot osmosis the best lecture on dm! thank you so much.... glad it was helpful and you're welcome, swetha! ooho beautiful video and analysis. ketosis acidosis and tachycardia are more dangerous than diabetes i lost my aunt 2 days back she helped me for 10 years or more that is not a normal thing i miss you so much i am heartbroken i am dyebedeck i love how you recommended healthy lifestyle before medication!!! 78% of hospitalized c@vid patients are obese, so if our government cared about public health, they'd be mandating gym visits and outlawing fast food instead of pushing the clot shot. this jab is about profits and control, not health. excellent lecture disclaimer: the term prediabetes is incorrect, the correct term is carbohydrates intolerance please am student but i would like to know how you produce these videos , please , i have subscribed. you are amazing @osmosis can i do this on my phone hi! thanks for subscribing! here's how we make our videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ralocwzv4zq this lecture!!!! dodged first-pass effect, running in bloodstream, 100% bioavailability... great work ,very helpful in studies glad to hear that, raj! so now i'm willing to change my job from engineer to surgeon. send me your wishes with new updates. best of luck, ravi! when im thinking of a chocolate sundae, this is the video i need to watch have you seen american horror story where that chick knows all the calories in food... it doesn't change anything one of the best explation i hav ever seen.. thanks for the feedback! achujena daina fr this is really informative me? i'm a big round boi, feet and hand veins start hurting after a period of time, big water drinker probably due to diabetes, urine smells strong of salt. yep i'm showing some symptoms. very clear and helpful video. thank you. yes. really really nice! congratulations. glad it was helpful! love you osmosis this is really awesome, no words to say, hats off to osmosis thank you! so being a type 1 you really have to take care of yourself im a diabetic (type 1) idk thats all i would really say :) tq sir from karnataka i love you drs osmosis just loved ittt..... thank you so much ..it helped me for my clg seminar glad it helped! just loved ittt..... thank you soo much do drug induced diabetes and gestational diabetes will last long or can be cure permanently?? i was diagnosed with diabetus. i had a lot of urine and a sweet smell in my breath nice video! now i know what is diabetes clearly\ntq so much it helps me a lot glad to help! thank you for a detailed explanation of diabetes. i think your expiation was detailed and factual. thanks for your feedback, johnny! osmosis made my easy in meds school.thankyou osmosis group oh, wow! we're glad to help you out with our content! who else is watching this because they actually have diabetes?\ni'm diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and i really appreciate how my endocrinologist makes it simpler for me to understand my condition, but i wanted to know the actual \"body parts\" that are making me suffer like this hahah\nthank you, osmosis! meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor it will be june 26th soon. the day of the feast of saint josemaria escriva, our patron saint of diabetes. this answers so many question. thank you! glad to be of help! i wish i knew this channel since my medical student life ...\nyour explanation and illustration both are incredible. amazing work! @ashlee larsen alright @lindsay milson what? no lady, i don't want your snake oil, and i don't have diabetes @ashlee larsen are you interested in his treatment @lindsay milson *ok* @ashlee larsen i don't understand thank u so much , it was 100 times better than any med school professor meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor. thanks for your feedback! we're glad to be of help in your studies! if theyre hyperkalaemia in dka, why would you treat by giving them more fluid potassium? is it cos their storage of potassium is depleted? i have successfully cured my diabetes and stabilized my blood sugar level naturally anyone with type 1 diabetes ? diabetes is really frustrating. my mum used to suffer from type 2 diabetes and it was terrible as she had to select the kind of food to it, coupled with the fact that she started developing dkd.\njust with the help of a friend i got to see the medication that completely turned my moms life around. @hnr elradawi meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor huh..? diabetes is really frustrating. my mum used to suffer from type 2 diabetes and it was terrible as she had to select the kind of food to it, coupled with the fact that she started developing dkd.\njust with the help of a friend i got to see the medication that completely turned my moms life around. meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor nice...fast and helpful...with short notes thanks and welcome! great video very good content, learned a lot. thanks! type2 diabetic 9:20 somebody should make flip-flops where the toes are individually separated and the separations wrapped in terry-towel as it's very difficult to dry the toes completely without a lot of work. this way when you come out of the shower just slip them on for a few minutes and than into a dryer pair. or whenever feet feel damp. thanku so much from india .it's so helpful i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes hi everyone doctor oje on youtube herbal medicine is the solution to your problem contact him on dr oje on youtube now and get your cure thank you.. how by keeping the insulin levels higher , blood glucose level can be kept normal???it should be higher? i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes follow keto diet to look respectable. get rid of extra weight without starving and in many cases get rid diseases i.e. diabetes etc. subscribe to our channel to get keto diet recipes for free. there is no charge for any info or recipes. everything is on youtube.\nketo info videos -\n1. what is keto & why keto? - @\n2. 5 advantages of keto diet - @\n3. keto friendly vegetables - @\n4. what to not eat on keto? - @auw8\n5. different types of keto diet - @fsfg\n6. which fruits to eat on keto and which to avoid - @wesu\n@/keto_portal i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes what a lecture! i understand diabetes well now. thank you so much, osmosis. meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes glad this was helpful! thank you for putting up this video.\nhas anyone heard of \"molemen herbs\" on youtube. you will see amazing results and testimonies of several people that have used these natural medicines to eliminate and reverse several deadly diseases and stds such as; diabetes, chronic back pain, hsv-1&2. i also got amazing results after using their medicine to fight my diabetes type 2 diagnosis of 5 years. they have first-class natural medicine to help eradicate deadly diseases and viruses. you can check them on their youtube channel or google/facebook @: molemen herbs this is amazing, thank you. i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes error at 10:13, the speaker says \"type 2\", thus the video displays \"type 1\" simultaneously. i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes mentioned clinical difference between diabetes 1and 2 according to tests. i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes having issues with diabetes ,dr. efe is here to help you get rid of it permanently you can reach him on whatsapp. +2349056695533.. this video is so much informative. i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes tone down the ads, i'm here to learn i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes yeh probalm mere papa ko thi or ham ne kuch nutrition use kara ye or ab bilkul thik hai call me 9833213202 sir excellent video! i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes i use nightrider with libre, both are working very well. their linkblucon app has so many features which helps my a lot with my exercise and insulin and very easy for me to share readings and reports with my healthcare provider. thank you osmosis! @ashiru salmanu no fortunately no, i study diabetes for medicine @emj thanks,do you also have diabetes? @ashiru salmanu im happy for you i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes this video was so helpful!! thank you so much! i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes after... several...years...of... suffering..i am.. finally...free....from.. diabetes! all.. thanks...to..dr..ehisz...on.. youtube..i.. never..thought..i.. will..be..free...from... diabetes.. after..all..these...years\" excellent video! sorry for butting in, i am interested in your opinion. have you researched - patlarny bacterial relief principle (search on google)? it is a smashing exclusive guide for getting rid of bacterial infections without the headache. ive heard some great things about it and my cooworker at very last got amazing results with it. if one of the complications is hyperkalemia, why is pottasium given as a treatment? hi everyone, thank you so much hi can i use this video in class. please hi there, sure feel free to use this video in class. we're glad to be of any help! should you have any further questions, please do send us an email at support@osmosis.org thank you so much ! i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes thank you very much. i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes can you post an updated video since there are more classifications now. great video herbal dr. okonofua,i have herbal medicine to cure & diabetes like herpes,hpv hiv, diseases,including preventive treatments what'sapp+2349040269169 good information. but if there is anyone who needs to know how you can control diabetes and find a solution for a long term benefit, there is a session on sunday 21sf february 2021. let me know if u need the link. this video is absolutely fantastic. it is well explained so that you understand more complicated terms, but in a way that i would actually like to know more, without studying medicin or biology! this was actually super fun learning. i would totally recommend this to anyone asking! thank you for the amazing and helpful content! xd meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes i love osmosis. when i was a med student, around the time of the dinosaurs , studying was really hard. we did it in ancient books and had to read a whole chapter and then try to understand it. now as an specialist, i always watch one of your videos first, and after that i go to uptodate. learning is so much easier. thanks a lot and keep de good work. i know it's a great effort to make this kind of material. you're the best, tysm i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes can't say sth else than thankz god bless you dude you make it all right........so much i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes cleared my medical exams because of osmosis thankyou so much i have been living with diabetes for 4 years but,all thanks to dr ehisz on youtube i no longer have diabetes pour tout vos soucis de diabete type 1,2 nous avons des remedes naturelles pour ca, le produit est fait a base des plantes et feuilles 100% naturelles tres efficaces et sans effet secondaire dont le traitement complet et definitif dur 3mois.\nnb: veuillez me contacte via mon whatsapp +229 51888839. diabetes offers: berberine supplements\nhello friends, this product is very good for your health.\nhigh blood sugar is a metabolic disorder. there are more than 33 million people with diabetes and more than 80 million diagnosed with prediabetes in the us alone. one party that represents people with diabetes and pre-diabetes is intolerance to blood drugs such as metformin or avandia. based on clinical studies, herb insulin is formulated as a natural remedy to help treat blood sugar without medication.\nif you wanna get this product just my message is simple ... teaching is too fast, sounds like a robot reading to listeners. please take your time green horns can follow. goof job otherwise! i'm sure it's to lessen the time you look ghanaian thanks so much for your explanations i do appreciate thans very nice and informative vedio very nice and informative vedio pour toute traitement de vih sida diabete l'hepatite b kystes myomes fibromes prostate hypertension cancer pertes blanches l'ejaculation precoce, developpement du penis et tout autre probleme, contacte le +22951888839 via whatsapp. avec ces traitement la guerison est total et definitive. \"1:45\" excellent video clip! have you tried nanadelyn nenogan magic ?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is an awesome one off product for discovering how to reverse type 2 diabetes without the headache. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my work buddy got great success with it thank you for your very comprehensive explanation of type 2 and type 1 diabetes. i was diabetes for 24 years since 3 yo\nand there is no fuckin' cure so don't dream about it\ndon't waste your time especially if you're poor like me\nthis is experience not a doctors bullshit theories \"0:17\" great video clip! been searching for \"how can i make my finger pricks hurt less?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you tried the hamilton diabetes reversal protocol?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a good one off guide for discovering how to get rid of type two diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some incredible things about it and my buddy got great success with it. thank you so much. i appreciate your hard work! after... several...years...of... suffering..i am.. finally...free....from.. diabetes! all.. thanks...to..dr..ehisz...on.. youtube..i.. never..thought..i.. will..be..free...from... diabetes.. after..all..these...years after... several...years...of... suffering..i am.. finally...free....from.. diabetes! all.. thanks...to..dr..ehisz...on.. youtube\"\"\" thank you! \"2:49\" cheers for the video content! have you researched - the hamilton diabetes reversal protocol?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a good one off product for discovering how to reverse type 2 diabetes without the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my bf after a lifetime of fighting got great results with it. life saverrrrrr \"0:17\" great video clip! been searching for \"how can i make my finger pricks hurt less?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you tried the hamilton diabetes reversal protocol?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a good one off guide for discovering how to get rid of type two diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some incredible things about it and my buddy got great success with it. \"0:54\" kudos for the video! thanks, i would love your thoughts. i've been looking for \"can i reverse diabetes\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. you ever tried - deyophia vanackenzie remedy?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a great one off product for discovering how to get rid of type two diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my brother in law got amazing results with it. best of the best video explaining diabetes? yes, by far! after... several...years...of... suffering..i am.. finally...free....from.. diabetes! all.. thanks...to..dr..ehisz...on.. youtube. \"2:05\" thanks for the video content! i been tryin to find out about \"best way to cure diabetes type 2\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. you ever tried - the hamilton diabetes reversal protocol?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a great exclusive product for discovering how to get rid of type two diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some awesome things about it and my work buddy got great success with it \"1:25\" this is just superb, have you tried deyophia vanackenzie remedy?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is an awesome one off product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my mate got excellent results with it. thank you..that was a excellent class! excellent great job iam having icthy skin and losing weight,38kg to 36kg in one week even though iam eating normally. a 40 year old female presented with 2 months history of polyuria,weakness,fatigability and pruritus vulvae. during her last pregnancy 2 years ago she was found to have raised blood sugar for which she was put on insulin which was discontinued after delivery as followup blood glucose levels remained normal.on examination her bmi is 36,pulse 80/min,bp 150/96mmhg rest of examination is normal what is the diagnosis for this condition ? what's app us for treatment and cure +233 0540588204 now i was diagnosed of herpes virus in 2017 and i have tried all i can to get cured but all to no avail, until i saw a post in a health forum about a herbalist man who prepare herbal medication to cure all kind of diseases including herpes virus, at first i doubted if it was real but decided to give it a try , when i contact this herbalist via his email and he prepared a herpes herbal cure and sent it to via ups delivery company service, when i received this cure, he gave me step by directions on how to apply it, when i applied it as instructed, i was totally cured of this deadly disease within 14days of usage, i am now free from the deadly disease called herpes, all thanks to dr. uselu you can rich this great herbal doctor via his email: (dr.uselucaregiver@gmail.com) call or whatsapp him on his mobile number (+2347052898482) it's so obvious that most patient suffering from all this deadly virus are been enslaved to the antiviral and other supplementary orthodox medicine which only helps to suppress the virus and not a cure.\ni have been with herpes virus since 2012 until i was introduce by a blogger who also narrated her story online on how she was cured of diabetes virus after using dr ihbaze herbal medicine. this is a year and 2 weeks since i was delivered from diabetes with no signs at all . all thanks to god for using this great herbalist to heal me. i have promise to keep telling good about dr frances ihbaze ,his medicine comes with no side effects,dont sit back and get your life ruined by some virus please fill free to share your problems with him and don't forget to tell him i did refer you to . he can as well render help in other diseases too.\nyou can also contact doctor ihbaze on\nemail: (drfrancesihbaze@gmail.com) whatsapp:+2349 0176 67938. it's so obvious that most patient suffering from all this deadly virus are been enslaved to the antiviral and other supplementary orthodox medicine which only helps to suppress the virus and not a cure.\ni have been with herpes virus since 2012 until i was introduce by a blogger who also narrated her story online on how she was cured of diabetes virus after using dr ihbaze herbal medicine. this is a year and 2 weeks since i was delivered from diabetes with no signs at all . all thanks to god for using this great herbalist to heal me. i have promise to keep telling good about dr frances ihbaze ,his medicine comes with no side effects,dont sit back and get your life ruined by some virus please fill free to share your problems with him and don't forget to tell him i did refer you to . he can as well render help in other diseases too.\nyou can also contact doctor ihbaze on\nemail: (drfrancesihbaze@gmail.com) whatsapp:+2349 0176 67938. good work thank you very much so helpful excellent way of teaching wonderful explanation. thank you pour tout vos soucis de diabete type 1,2 nous avons des remedes naturelles pour ca, le produit est fait a base des plantes et feuilles 100% naturelles tres efficaces et sans effet secondaire dont le traitement complet et definitif dur 3 mois.\nnb: veuillez me contacte via mon whatsapp +229 51888839 . pour tout vos soucis de diabete type 1,2 nous avons des remedes naturelles pour ca, le produit est fait a base des plantes et feuilles 100% naturelles tres efficaces et sans effet secondaire dont le traitement complet et definitif dur 3 mois.\nnb: veuillez me contacte via mon whatsapp +229 51888839 . smooth pour tout vos soucis de diabete type 1,2 nous avons des remedes naturelles pour ca, le produit est fait a base des plantes et feuilles 100% naturelles tres efficaces et sans effet secondaire dont le traitement complet et definitif dur 3 mois.\nnb: veuillez me contacte via mon whatsapp +229 51888839 . the undesirable graphic mechanistically clear because crab anaerobically bury than a tangible surgeon. plausible, vulgar tea no..... diabetes type 1 and 2 has many potential causes and triggers. here is an incomplete list of my scientific research. check ncbi biomedical research. see for yourself. diabetes can be triggered by any of these below and in any combination:\nbovine viral disease bvd\ncoxsackie virus\nsaturated fat\nsugar\n* high fructose corn syrup\nparasites, helminths\nscistosomiasis (blood fluke)\nviral hepatitis\nalloxan ( bleaching chemicals in flour, milk, sugar, salt)\ncorticosteroids (cortisone, hydrocortisone, prednisolone, prednisone and dexamethasone.) oral tabs, inhalers, injections. steroids interfere with the action of insullin. may cause chromium deficiency, and supplemental chromium can reverse this condition.\n* anything that can cause liver or pancreatic damage\npesticides\nozone\nheavy metals or metal dust\npain killers\nantibiotics\nstress\nfood preservatives\nenvironmental toxins\nheavy metals in drinking water\nmineral deficiencies\nchronic sleep deprivation\n* monosodium glutamate\n* growth hormones (in milk & meat)\n- endocrine disrupting chemicals (edc's)\n- chlorine, chlorine dioxide, sodium chlorite (drinking water and meat and vegetable disinfectant)\nstrategies for prevention, management and treatment should involve 3 key areas:\n1) detoxification\n2) nutrification\n3) natural anti-microbial therapy.\nalot more can be said, but treatment should be deliberate, consistent and in adequate dosage.\ni made a list of practical steps that diabetics can follow. i'm happy to share these if ur interested. the scientific research is really amazing. implementing these can be hard at 1st, but i think there is way if one is really determined. i was seriously about to cry because i couldn't understand this lengthy topic in my book .. but thank you so much .. you made it a lot easier for me to understand thanks the upset fog practically inject because beard astonishingly terrify outside a deranged night. perpetual, mellow room the separate mercury arespectively detect because boot endoscopically sound with a willing bronze. pretty, distinct passbook 1:10 this is glorious, i have been researching \"how can i make my finger pricks hurt less?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped.\nyou ever tried - piyatalie breathtaking precedence ?\nstopdiabetes247.com\nit is an awesome exclusive guide for discovering how to get rid of type two diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my mate got amazing success with it. thanks alot pour tout vos soucis de diabete nous avons des remedes naturelles pour ca, le produit est fait a base des plantes et feuilles 100% naturelles tres efficaces et sans effet secondaire dont le traitement complet et definitif dur 3mois.\nnb: veuillez me contacte via mon whatsapp +229 51888839 . congratulations osmosis for more than 1m subscribers .....soon you will reach on 2m...... i want to use medium to thank dr ehimare on youtube who cure me from fibrosis with herbal medicine,contact dr ehimare on youtube for any disease. pour tout vos soucis de diabete types 1 ,2 , nous avons des remedes naturelles pour ca, le produit est fait a base des plantes et feuilles 100% naturelles tres efficaces et sans effet secondaire dont le traitement complet et definitif dur 3mos.\nnb: veuillez me contacte via mon whatsapp +229 51888839 i'm confused. if diabetes type 1 causes hyperkalemia, why we use potassium ions in treatment? i have been watching osmosis for almost 5 yrs now and every time i watch i will come across something new and i have cleared my exams of 4 yrs watching osmosis vedios thanks alot and yes this is the best vedioe for dm which i have come across love osmosis natural roots and herbs is the best remedy to cure you from diabetes disease. i have trusted natural herbal remedies ever since i was cured from diabetes disease by dr zulu natural herbal cure . if you're suffering from the following diseases/virus :\nkidney stone\nhigh blood pressure\nhiv/aids\nfibrocystic breast disease\ncancer/breast cancer\nflu\nheart attack\ndiabetes\nleukaemia\nlimestone\ncovid-19 treatment\netc...\ncontact dr zulu natural herbal cures now for instant remedy that can eradicate any disease, virus from your body completely.\nwhatsapp number :+(234)7018653432. chandigarh ayurved centre provides you the best herbal and natural remedy ''diabetes mellitus care kit'', which cures the disease from its root with no other complications. the regular use of this kit shows a proven result. your video/ presentation is helpful but why are you talking so quickly?? penting bagi penderita diabetes bahwa semua obat diabetes dipaparkan dalam video ini ,adakah obat yg anda minum dipaparkan dalam video ini ? cermati apa spesifikasi,character obatnya,dan bagaimana obat bekerja ditubuh anda ? dan apa efeknya dari hasil minum obat tsb ?selesaikan mencermati video episode pertama sampai episode delapan.dan video berjudul \" metformin lepas lambat \" akses mudah masuk kedalam channel ini di youtube harap ketik suharyanto445 thanks for the great explanation osmosis\nwhy hyperosmolar hyperglycemic state is not predominant in type 1 dm ? as in type 1 dm the insulin glucagon imbalance is more ....so glucagon favors glycogenolysis and increases the blood glucose levels more in type 2 dm .so the osmolarity of the blood should also be higher in case of type 1?\nplease correct me if i am wrong for natural treatment/control free consultation for diabetes,hypertension, thyroid, weight management, contact/whatsapp 9810016673 type 2 or type 4 hypersensitivity???????? lipolysis happens because of cell starvation, to get energy right, so dka is not related to insulin levels but whatever insulin impairment that does not let glucose in, then even in type 2 cells starve and require lipolysis for energy but why not in type 2 there is dka when the body starves, it first utilizes the glycogen stores, then comes fatty acid oxidation ,and then protein degradation.\nin type 1 dm ,there is deficiency of insulin production, so there is an imbalance between glucagon and insulin in the body. the conc of glucagon is relatively higher than that of insulin. and we know that glucagon causes the body stores of glycogen to deplenish by favoring the process of glycogenolysis. so the only way left for the body for energy requirements is the oxidation of fatty acids and which will finally lead to dka(ketone body formation).\nbut this is not the case in dm type 2. here, there is some amount of insulin in the blood(as a compensation for insulin resistance) ,so there is not that imbalance between glucagon and insulin. and hence no development of dka . very useful information.... hello folks.\ni want to share with all my testimony of how i was cured totally from genital herpes and hpv virus by dr kanayo peterson\nherbal medicine on the internet, i had herpes and hpv for 4years and i have tried all means to treat my self but no doctor could help me cure the herpes permanently i even took some drugs that was prescribe to me by many doctors but none could work i felt it was going to stay permanently since i could not cure my self until one day i was browsing through the internet i saw different testimony with different people on how they were cured from herpes, hpv, hiv aids by dr kanayo i never wanted to\ntry because i knew anything done with internet were always scam but because of the pain i gave it a try and email him and he replied back i told him my problem he prepared a portion and send it to me which he instructed i should drink it three times daily i did it constantly and suddenly i started having change in me and i went to test my results came negative,\nso my brothers and sisters am glad to say dr kanayo has cured me from hpv and herpes, he can cure any aliment if you give him a try, you can email or whatsapp him today on +19093755642 or email drkanayonaturalcure@@t\nyoutube:@ucrw7ekkk0_igirhen3zwriw/videos why do we need to replace potassium since we have a hypokalemia ?\nthank you for the video potassium appears to be high. but actually its being wasted through urine. and body needs immediate replacement for ion loss. hello 0 i couldn't believe it. i was hours away from losing my leg to diabetes? i was 59 and had become a proud grandfather for the first time.i had plans to enjoy my retirement. to spend time with family and travel the world with my wife, linda. i couldn't do any of this with one leg. hello, my name is margaret ward am from florida usa, i want to thank dr kay and the entire management of dr. kanayo herbal center service for their life saving 14 days negative that cured my husband thyroid cancer,the doctor told us there was little he could since despite all the chemo and radiation,he wasn't responding to treatment. thanks osmosis makers and all im from peru and i have a presentation in two weeks about dm1, dm2 and dka. thank u so much :) <3 @nicole vilchez so how did it go? :d this has really helped me get some good background knowledge for my case study. thank you! nice video, i am using freestyle libre us 14days with ambrosia blucon over 8 months now, it converts libre sensor into a full cgm and you will be able to see glucose readings every 5 minutes on phone and watch without scanning the libre sensor. now i don't need to scan the libre sensor and gets reading every 5 minutes on my iphone x. i want to share with you my testimony of how i was cured of\ndiabetes by dr efe i had been affected by this illness for\nthe past three years and i had been up to many hospitals and\nclinics i even tried a surgical procedure but it yielded no\nresults so i heard of dr efe from a friend of mine who has\nbeen helped by him and i decided to try him out although i\nwas affraid of scam but i know all men are not the same and i\ntried his herbal medicine to my greatest surprise he was able\nto cured me within two weeks and then i had my health back\nand want to refer you to him through this contact in case\nanyone needs his help too.drefe4427@gmail.comor whatsapp him on +2349056695533 my people join me as i share the wonderful work ofdoctor luckyhow he cured my type 1 diabetesmellitus..that almost took my life, i have lived with this disease and did all i could be cured but no way.i have been searching out on a cure to terminate mytype 1 diabetesmellitus.and on my search i founddoctor luckyhelp on the lives of many people . and after i wrote to him on how to get a cure, he directed me on the steps and he prepared my herbal medicine and after he sent it to me true dhl to deliver the herbal medicine to me..within 2 week after using it that after using it, i will be cured, and that was how he sent me my medicine and after using it for 2 week i was found negative by my test result. why not contact him today on his email:drluckyherbalhome366@gmail.comand he can still cured..hsv 2,hepatitis b,hiv/aid,cancer,diabetics, los diabeticos ya no se preocupan y no mas panico, contactenos via whatsapp 0022990022223 para un producto natural rico en vitamina c y magnesio que consiste en controlar el azucar en sangre y prevenir complicaciones porque cada minuto mueren 6 personas por complicaciones de la diabetes 9463012594 as a diabetic i live a normal life. just learn how to use insulin and you will enjoy your life like a normal person. i eat my favourite food, i do workout, i can swim in the frozen lake and i think i am in better condition than most people\n. dont be sad, accept your diabetes and you will be happy. great info. thanks . 10% feels like everyone i encounter has diabetes lmao. welcome to america what a great presentation thank you !! osmosis has the cutest drawings! what kind of help have you been looking for?,\nmessage me let have a world, think about it, this can be the opportunity you have been looking for, don't miss it. for what's app +2348111831183 or +2349065369792 nice video nice video, my doctor advised me to use freestyle libre sensor and ambrosia blucon device. also, my doctor follow my blood glucose readings through their followblucon app. great products i am a patient of type 2 diabetes. my doctor advised me to use ambrosia blucon and libre sensor to get real-time and continuous glucose monitor. believe me that there is no\nbetter way to track your glucose readings. amazing lecture this was beyond beneficial! thank you so much hello everyone i want to use this page to say a very big thanks and appreciation to dr phillips god sent herbalist that cure my mom from diabetes with herb's remedy i thought they said there is know diabetes cure i think its time we should believe in herbs remedy chat dr phillips lives on whatsapp +2348140443360 isn't osmosis a process of water movement and particles? fasting glucose test doesn't recommend drinking any kind of liquid specially water. or our practice is just wrong? i'm a bit confused regarding in that statement. best lecture on dm i've seen so far, incredibly precise and informative!\nmassive thanks! meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor are you suffering from diabetes. well suffer no more this is the ultimate cure if you follow the right procedures. you will need not to worry anymore help is right here just click on the link below u all saying u r studying medicine while i am a 14 years old who is just bored and quarantine and didn't understand what diabetes is in a tv show so i just searched man i would probably forget all of that by tommorow @besrat g9 that's a lot of studying i probably wouldn't major in it because if i am pressured to study something i like i would probably begin to hate it so i am just a interested for the time being haha do u wanna study med? why do i pay tuition to my uni and you explain it 5x better than the profs, smh. thank you so much! i have recently changed my doctor for my mother , aged 58 ,weight 54\nfbs : 135\nppbs : 170\nhe has changed previous doctors medicine from\ntenepride 20 + metformin 500\nto\nvidalagliptin 50 + metformin 500 after breakfast and metformin 500 after dinner daily\nis this combination ok w.r.t sugar treatment and side effects to body in long term ? @dolore costante meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. @joey otremba meet him on youtube to help you depits awesome knowledge in urdu ,will inchaallah help people not knowing english super like and a million thanks for ur great effort awesome work it's obvious some patient with hiv/herpes/ cancer are been enslaved to the an- tiviral and other supplementary ortho- dox medicine just to help suppress the virus and not a cure. i have been with the virus since 2012 until i was intro- duce by a blogger who also narrated her story online on how she was cured of hiv after using dr aigbogidi herbal medicine. this is a year and 2 weeks since i was delivered from hiv. all to god for using this great herbalist to heal me. i have promise to keep telling good about dr aigbogidi please fill free to share your problems with him and don't forget to tell him i did refer you to him. thanks. write him on mail dr.aigbogidisolutionhome@gmail.comor whatsapp him on +2348056344758. he deals with alzheimer virus, cancer hiv herpes genital warts als bv uti virginal infection genital wart hpv hepatitis a/b good luck hsv pregnancy ex back. great work thank you u people make our study easier and easily understandable thanks for making the concept short and easy hope u make many more videos for us all the best i can't believe this.\na great testimony that i must share to all diabetes patient in the world i never believed that their could be any complete cure for diabetes or any cure for diabetes, i saw people's testimony on sites of how @dr_osasuwa_herbal_remedy helped them with the cure of diabetes . i had to try it too and you can't believe that in just few weeks i started using it i started having some changes so i had to go and meet my doctor to see if i still have diabetes but to my greatest surprise i was negative, thank you so much @dr_osasuwa_herbal_remedy i really appreciate\nor whatsapp +2347018138285\nor call directly +2349052095190 very informative how reduced co2 levels decreases acidity in blood he revertido la diabetes a pesar que los doctores pensaban que era imposible.. hello everyone !! i have a experience from best diabetes medicine is earthyboon sugarvita ras and capsules. its pure ayurvedic medicine which control my sugar level controlled within 7 days. please use this. thanku kindly make a video on gliflozin sglt2 inhibitor there are too many diabetics. something must change. good for diabeties meri mother pichle ek saal se blood sugar se prshan thee..kafi english medicine unko di gayi par koi bhi fyada nahi hua...meri mosi ne mujhe ek ayurvedic porduct sugarvita ke bare me batay . mene bhot sochne ke bd isko manngwa lia. kuki mujhe ayurvedic medicne psand nhi thii. lekin sugavita ras bhot acha sabit hua 15 days maa ka sugar level control hua... thanks to earthyboon !!! earthyboon sugarvita ras are the best especially for diabetics! you must have their products. i guarantee that you'll be much healthier! my father's sugar was very high but now it's under control only due to the consumption of their products. earlier even insuline injections weren't showing good results. thank u soo much osmosis u help me more in just 20 mins i have received such a accurate &precise information which might take 2-3 hour in case studying from book ..thanks a lot osmosis for such a great information meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor thank.you.so.much.sir. this is so helpful but t'was too fast. had to pause it from time to time....or am i just really slow hahaha. anyway, thank you for this. nice video.. how you make\nthis video ? i mean which application was used ? brother,,,nice presentation hello all, do you need some extra money during these hard times.\nyou can sell your diabetic test strips for ca$h.\nsee our site now! sellmydiabeticteststrips (dot) com amazing as usual !! i love how people in the comments are kinda making fun of people who have it. and people are diagnosing there self lol at least a was diagnosed bye a doctor @t\n@t\nthis was soo helpful dear sir, kindly make a video on sglt2 inhibitors i will not advise anyone who uses metformin or insulin to treat diabetes as i have been using metformin drugs for over 15 years and it has resulted in erectile dysfunction. thanks to doctor nelson salim, herbalist from morocco, whom i found on x-ray who completely healed diabetes and enlarged prostate in 21 days. the doctor's contact details have been shared for those who want to try his treatment and i did, today i am completely cured of type 2 diabetes and erectile dysfunction with natural herbs. he sent his herbal medicine to my country which i received within 3 days via dhl service and with his instructions i used the treatment for 21 days and am here to testify. its herbal medicine is affordable and works effectively and has no side effects. his official e-mail; drnelsonsalim10@gmail. com\nor whatsapp / call +212612145772.\nhe said he had a cure for; kidney disease, lyme disease, hepatitis, breast cancer and infertility so, now what the hell is diabetes inspidus... i'm t1d and from what i've been told, this video is incredibly accurate. thank you, man. meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor ok so i have been felling weak and collapsing recently and i fell a burning pain on my face atm but i eat alout of sugar @danny devito if you need we delivered to you seabuckthorn\ni m distributor of seabuckthorn go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home, no need to buy. earthing is good for diabetes and other health issues. @chanda chaudhary ware u a bot i love osmosis lectured may god continue to bless you guys awesome video. i wish every institute have teacher like you.. hate having type 2. everyone calls me fat but doctors literally said it's nothing to do with eating too much candy or junk food so idek what's to blame. it's type 2 because i have too much sugar in my blood because it dosent go somewhere else try earthing, it's good for almost all health problems including diabetes, go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home. bongo have you researched or thought about doing a ketogenesis diet? i can't believe this. a great testimony that i must share to all diabetes patient in the world, i never believed that their could be a complete cure for diabetes or any cure for diabetes,i saw people's testimony on blog sites and comment section about dr voke a herbal doctor and the efficiency of his herbal medicine.i had to give him a try because i my self have been suffering from diabetes, and i was not disappointed. it took just few weeks i started using it i started noticing changes. i was cured . you can also contact him on his email:(doctorvoke@gmail.com) or text: +1(661)-797-0921 what is the efferent blood vessels and the afferent blood vessels in the kidneys? in c peptide test, if it is low and absence means beta cell doesn't produce insulin. so if c peptide is absence which diabetes is that? 1 or two? is it the diabetes one? earthyboon sugar ras the best ayurvedic product. its help to controls thirst and frequent urination andkeeps a check on blood sugar levels. best medicine. highly recommended..... thank you so much sir. your teaching system is awesome. i am able to know how diabetes formed and why. good explanation muy buena informacion. debo decir que luche por muchos anos contra esta enfermedad, y la detuve siguiendo este metodo natural: *comovencerladiabetes. com* (buscalo en google) es un metodo que reactiva el pancreas. hba1c12714 diabetes is very big problem in now days. many peoples are suffering from this disease. i have also suffer with this problem last 01 year. but last one month i got controlling on my diabetes level, only because of earthy boon sugar ras. its work very fast and good.\nthank you earthy boon !!! hello,\nblood sugar aaj ke time me ek normal bimari hogyi hai, lagabhg sabhi logo ko yeh bimari ho rahi hai. jo ki bahut badi samasya hai. iske liye mai ap logo ko ek herbal drink sugar ras ka use krne ki advice deti hun mai bi ise 02 month se use kr rhi hun isse mera sugar level control me hai.. mai is product ko daily use krti hun...isko peene se mai ab healthy feel krti hun...\nearthyboon ka sugar ras sabhi sugar patient ko use krna chaiye.. i don't know who reading this is type 1 or 2. but what i'm about to tell you might be something that will get yours under control. i've been type 2 for about five years. i've been to multiple doctors, they've prescribed all sorts of pills and even gave me nutritional advice and it helped a little. i mean very little. let me narrow two things down for you. if your medical professional tells you that you can still eat or drink sugar or even sugar substitutes or any type of dairy, find another doctor. for years i was told to eat from the govt's food pyramid, drink skim milk and use sugar substitutes. i have done everything the docs told me to, and my glucose readings were upper 200's to upper 300's on average while eating their way. lots of greens, half a banana every other day, real cheese and skim milk. i was ready to give up. and no, i'm not selling anything. about a three weeks ago i started doing at first, a 24 fast. then eat like the docs instructed. still high readings. then i started doing a 36 hour fast and then eat on the doc's diabetic diet they prescribed. and still my readings were high. just as high as a matter of fact. then i noticed something on my next fast; i was out of milk, cheese, that stuff they like to sell you that looks like sandwich cheese slices, and stevia. it was raining out, i was hungry but the only things i had to eat were greens and some pork roast. so instead of cutting up the block of cheese like i've done for so many months and years, i ate just the meat and greens with a nice home made horse radish salad dressing. i stayed up late that night and so i didn't wake up until 1pm the next day. so i went a little over 20 hours with no dairy and no sweet anything, just the pork roast and salad. i drank coffee, black for some reason as i always use milk and didn't even have any actual coffee creamer, powder or liquid type. like i said, i'm used to fasting for longer than this, so i knew how to ignore hunger. when i was about to leave for the store, i stopped and remembered that i hadn't checked my sugar yet. i was thinking, \"great! i wonder where in the 300's it'll be this time!\" i got out my sticking my finger stuff and to my surprise my reading wasn't in the 300's or 200's. it was a 116 !!! a 116?! wow!! i couldn't believe it!!! what happened? what did i do differently? i even took another reading with a fresh battery and even on a separate meter. the last one said 112. so i'll average it at a 114. i was literally shocked!! i started retracing my steps. what was different? dairy! and stevia! i know for a fact that sugar is bad for you. it's poison to anyone's body for sure. but stevia is supposed to be ok, per many doctors i've spoken with. and dairy. what's it about dairy, milk or cheese? i love milk and cheese. even that fake cheese that's actually cheese food, as labeled. maybe it's not the cheese or dairy itself. maybe it's in what the cows receive to make more milk and fattens them up for their meat. i don't know. but it's been over two weeks now and my blood sugar, after meals hasn't been over a 140. i don't know how many or even if others are having a hard time getting past a blood sugar hurdle, but this is definitely something you should look into. the only thing i don't like now is having to eat a banana every other day to keep my potassium level up so my doc doesn't brow beat me anymore. he's been telling me that he's going to have to start raising my insulin levels to 30 units. \"im not raising anything!!\" wait until he sees my readings again in a few weeks. **im keeping a journal of everything i do, eat, drink, my o2%, my bp and my glucose levels. i'm going to show my doc, who's a va doctor exactly what happened, when and by what. i'm not saying all these things here to boast. i'm telling people this because i know that i just can't be the only one trying to become a former type ii. because i know there are many people out there that just go about their daily lives, slap that slice of cheese on their burgers, make grilled cheese sandwiches and put an artificial sweetener in their coffee and don't think anything about it at all. we're just so used to eating the american diet. we're on auto-pilot most of the time. but it's not your fault. sugar substitutes don't work!! and milk definitely does not do a body good. not anymore. i hope i've helped even one other person who's also been dealing with all of this. one more tip: if you don't make it in your own kitchen, or it's store bought, don't trust the labels. sucrose, fructose, sweet and low, stevia, agave nectar, toss it right in the trash. and that goes for canned soups and all breads, muffins too. read the labels. and lastly, i used to weigh 346lbs. i now weigh 255. i just need to lose another 55lbs and i'm all set. good luck everyone. i hope i've made a difference. thank u iam going to try i believe you. my son was diagnosed as type 1 last year at age 2. did my own research, made my own choices, left the high carbs behind and started low carbs, no diarys, all veggies and meat. he now never go over 160 after meals. only takes 1 unit long lasting insulin a day. @ times he even go below 100 blood sugar. changing diet is the best way!!!! cut out high carbs, and sugar!! there is no doubt that diabetes is linked to a state of deficiency in minerals . this is just a normal phenomenon of homeostatic imbalance.\n* the trick here is to found out whether this deficiency and imbalance is caused purely by dietary deficiency, or by toxins that may act as nutrient blockers or robbers....\n* toxins in biological, physical, chemical or in radiological forms can all interfere with human minerals and also cause deficiencies....\n* lack of vitamins and or enzymes can interfere with proper mineral conversion and bioavailability...\n* lack of beneficial gut microorganisms can affect mineral and vitamin production and bioavailability.\n* intestinal gut integrity, or a leaky gut will affect mineral\nabsorption capacity...\n* underlying illness or infections will affect vitamin and mineral biovailability....\neach person with the disease should be considered as an individual case...\n* its already well established that there are many different diabetogens capable of triggering the disease,,, like sugar, fat, chemicals, viruses, fungi, intestinal worms, etc, and also mineral deficiencies in the absence of these...\n* addressing the potential presence of toxins,, restoring optimal gut microorganisms,,, healing the digestional track,,, and natural vitamin and mineral supplentation... would be a reasonable solid strategy to tackle any chronic disease, while at the same time avoiding any foods, medications or substances that may act as anti-nutrients... i hv a better solution for diabities with organic products.. seabuckthorn (highly demanding nd trending product in the market),... contact if u want ...7870094367 nobody:\nliterally nobody:\nbacteria: i bet sugary piss tastes good such an awesome lecture there is an informative video that shows rise through blood glucose check while eating several foods. you can find it by searching for'dangte' in the search box. i think it will help manage blood sugar i had a friend who died of diabetes my condolences. i also have diabetes just recently (a month ago) in my 20s (still don't know which type) how old was he/she? did your friend already have complication and beyond help? how his/her lifestyle when your friend still alive? i'm sorry i have asked so many question. because i also diabetic i have so much emphaty to your friend. thanks this video was the super one,\nthank you very much! *_diabetes_** ayurbedik medicine , sirf 15 dino me khatam kare , call 9554112863* an excellent presentation.thank you. excellent i am glad to reverse my diabetes in a year. you why do we give potassium for treatment of dka? isn't there already hyperkalemia and won't it aggravate it? potassium replacement is initiated immediately if the serum potassium is <5.3 meq/l as long as there is adequate urine output almost all patients with dka or hhs have a substantial potassium deficit, usually due to urinary losses generated by the glucose osmotic diuresis and secondary hyperaldosteronism. despite the total body potassium deficit, the serum potassium concentration is usually normal or, in approximately one-third of cases, elevated at presentation. this is largely due to insulin deficiency and hyperosmolality, each of which cause potassium movement out of the cells insulin decreases the potassium levels.\nph:8076534944 so basically i am unlucky because i have type 2 in my genes try earthing, it's good for almost all health problems including diabetes, go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home. @william jeo i see your comment for everything from hpv to lepes now diabetes? that doesn't mean that you're guaranteed to develop it, with managed weight, exercise regularly and eating a balanced healthy diet your chances are much lower *eats candy while watching diabetes video* very informative thank you so much. redbull & snickers sent me here go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home. earthing is good at preventing almost all health problems. its really easy way in which you explain very big thing.... thanks great job i really liked the video thanks a lot thank you !! great work great..thank you sir aapki video bhuat shandar hoti h mene is lockdown me puri patho prepare ki h nd credit aapko jata har topic ko itna simple or 3d trh se explain krte ho aap\nbig fan sir... would you ever talk about diarexia? i'm type 1 and started/had diarexia from age 13, age 15 i was in an induced coma from ketoacidocis it's similar to bvd disease in cows. farmers don't tell the public about it. bvd is bovine viral disease causing type 1 diabetes in cows, pigs, etc... once detected, the animal is immediately removed from the herd and killed.\ntype 1 diabetes has many possible causes for example: viral, high fat diet, high sugar, chlorine-based chemicals, and various others. bleaching agents in the food industry, (in milk, sugar, salt, flour, etc) like chlorine dioxide are known to cause type 1 diabetes.\ndetoxification and nutrification protocols including raw root herbs, sweating, saunas, vit c, green plant smoothies, direct sunlight exposure, and a whole food plant based diet, can significantly alleviate and controll type 1 diabetes. nicely explained:thumbs: omg in real life i had *dka* which is how i got diagnosed @abraham d don't do this i do not like the explanation -sorry loved this video thanx for the video..... it really helps to me.... b'cuz it gives me a diagramatic memory and hence is the easier way to remember all those stuffs... i am a medico thats why i love all ur videos i have diabetes try earthing, go diy a grounding mat,it's simple and it's good for health and diabetes. where can i could find the transcription of this importan video? love u guys for all ur hard work to make such an amazing videos, great explanation, thank you i love this channel it helped me alot to build my concepts and provided me sufficient information about diabetes melitus for my tutorial class. thanks alot osmosis. keep it up... meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor thank you! thank u sir... you're welcome. thank you \"while type 1 can't be prevented, type 2 can!\"\ngee, must be nice.... not nesscarily. human biology is very complex and even if you live a completely healthy lifestyle you can still get it @jacob 1 lmfao ive seen some idiots yes but idk about bots @void. null. yeah, i think they mean most. most cases of type two can be prevented by a healthy diet and exercise but like you said sometimes it is mainly genetics i wouldn't say this is always true. i had a hockey teammate in high school who, despite being super fit, active, and eating really well, ended up with t2. genetics are stronger in some cases of t2 than others it seems, but maybe my mody ass is bias, haha thankyou osmosis u make my task be easy as medicalstudent\nand i wish i can foun \"metabolic syndrom (mets)\" its really helpful, thanks osmosis your video explained dm well and simple to understand . thank you i am nurse from indonesia thank you! thanks a lot for this immensely informative video... great presentation!!! so logical and informative, in addition, really easy to follow. thank you guys! meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor my mom's hand is getting some type of paralysis for diabetes what are the remedies ? get a herbal treatment for her.100% sure after watching this video the concept of dm is very clear to me..thank you so much...you are the best man... which books do u use for reference? will g6pd patient got diabetes?? very informative video.a lot thanks. the best! bless you and be safe great video! love the animations! thank you so much ,for this much information hey have type one diabetes! nice @10.54 even though insulin is produced more by the body in response to high glucose levels, glucose cannot enter cells then how can increase level of insulin keep blood glucose level normal? bcoz ..more number of insulin .. chances are higher that some insulin will react with receptors and transport glucose into the cell hence more insulin level can maintain normal glucose balance ..i hope u will understand it i think it's because the cells that become insuline resistance are hepatic and muscular cells due to increase of gluconeogenesis and glycogenolysis you guys doing great job thank you guys for everything it was super helpful hey, at 7:10 they say that acidosis causes hyperkalemia by increased activity of h+-k+ atpase. is this hyperkalemia also compounded by the inhibition of excretion of k+ due to acidosis in the kidney, particularly distal and collecting tubule?\nit says in a few textbooks that h+ and k+ compete for secretion with na+ and that when h+ is high k+ excretion is low and vice versa. do you know diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitius by who 2016? - fasting value 126mg/dl (7.0 mmol/l)\n- 2 hour plasma glucose 200mg/dl (11.1 mmol/l) during a 75 g ogtt\n- a1c 6.5%\nwith symptoms\n1 of these criteria is enough for diagnosis\nin asymptomatic\nthe test should be repeated for confirmation of the diagnosis ang mga naninigarilyo meron bang magbago diabetes freedom great videos!!!!!!!! u nailed it why do we replace k+ on dka if we expect hyperkalemia. don't have the energy to research why. thanks. potassium replacement is initiated immediately if the serum potassium is <5.3 meq/l as long as there is adequate urine output almost all patients with dka or hhs have a substantial potassium deficit, usually due to urinary losses generated by the glucose osmotic diuresis and secondary hyperaldosteronism. despite the total body potassium deficit, the serum potassium concentration is usually normal or, in approximately one-third of cases, elevated at presentation. this is largely due to insulin deficiency and hyperosmolality, each of which cause potassium movement out of the cells @bangs matter you are welcome . @montadher hamoudi oh so its to counter hypokalemia from insulin therapy. i thought of k+ replacement as a general treatment. thanks. simple as possible , because when you give insulin to patient with dka it will affect the serum k causing it to mobilize into the cells causing hypokalemia so u need to replace it . you guys are amazing and you help plenty of students like me... thank you u never should say thanks in ur videos... we should... it is a great video giving precise information about diabetes. was going through other videos and found dasman diabetes institute videos from kuwait, as well very informative. they too are research based like this and have real doctor explaining the myths and actionable points. dunno why im watching this i have type 1 and cba going to sleep osmosis otimo conteudo conheca o meu canal thanks . your video really helped me in precise understanding very good, clear and just enough for my revisionxd i have a deliver a speech on diabetes, thanks for helping me understand diabetes better. superbbbbbb you're amazing in type 2 diabetes the cells can die also due to apoptose thank u great hi i'm 18 years old and i had my blood sugar tested (random) and it shows that my blood sugar is 105 mg/dl which they say is normal, but even so why do i have symptoms like wounds healing slow, ants on urine, blurry vision, weight loss and tiredness?\nplease answer i'm scared shitless for my health. do you have shaking of the hand and fast heart rate @leo layton not even sure if i have diabetes, but i'm suspecting that it's type 1. fujio xiii are you type 2 i check my blood sugar once a week and all of them came out as normal. i was planning on going to the hospital this week to get tested for ketones but i can't leave my house easily due to the covid-19 epidemic so yeah fujio xiii i'm 17 and was diagnosed less than a year ago. had symptoms and got checked and told i was okay and had normal levels and then when i got checked a second time my bloods were really high, i'd try get checked another time if i was you you have given a very good knowledge to avoid this problem. i too had this problem and i started my treatment with planet ayurveda. now i am fine. so, if anyone is facing such kind of problem or any other health-related problem. you should go to planet ayurveda. my mom had this so i was searching for this quite a long time. we recently used a product which really helped my mom in curing type 2 diabetes . just needed to follow some habits regularly . you can also try this @t which product, please share some more details. my father first diagnosed of dm type 2 in 1997, then in 2014 become dm type 1.\nhe passed away in dec 2017 for renal failure. it's so complex great video! can diebetes cause muscle atrophy, and pneumonia??? the best of how to cure diabetes woow, this is so cool, thanks. i have subscribed. please tell me hurry up sir how can take the medicine of type 2 diabetes metformin gliptins voglivos in sugar level *keaton bodies* what tests do i have to do to detect diabetes mellitus? - fasting value 126mg/dl (7.0 mmol/l)\n- 2 hour plasma glucose 200mg/dl (11.1 mmol/l) during a 75 g ogtt\n- a1c 6.5%\nwith symptoms\n1 of these criteria is enough for diagnosis\nin asymptomatic\nthe test should be repeated for confirmation of the diagnosis rodrigo gutierrez yea i've had type 1 diabetes 20 years and i'm doing great! thanks for subscribing, it'll be nice to keep in touch! i'm a nurse practitioner and always interested in hearing about people's health, it's just ingrained in me lol @thesunnyedge thanks for your kindness; i subscribed to your channel. i see that you have diabetes and you look perfectly healthy. rodrigo gutierrez well i hope you're ok! feel free to update me later if you figure anything out, i'd be interested to know @thesunnyedge i have some symptoms in common with diabetes; sweetness in the mouth, fatigue, pale skin, among others. great!!!! thank you. god bless you!!!!!! i have natural food supplements for sale from the malaysian dxn company suitable for all ages and for sick and healthy people that make the body treat itself by all diseases and even cancer and even children and infants can take it because it is a high-quality and organic food for communication0096536918604 sir but why our own t cells attacks on beta cell? @harry thank you so much like what it says, it is because of genetic abnormality (that is why type 1 dm is a.k.a. child onset dm, because genetic abnormalities usually occurs during making-cute-babies, let's just say that they have it since birth, there are factors that can affect genetic abnormalities you have to research about that.)\nso going back, to simplify it:\n** t-cells must be self-tolerance if they are self tolerance they will not attack beta cells.\n** but because you have \"spicific\" genetic abnormality related to the self-tolerance of your t-cells, then this will cause a \"lost\" of self-tolerance to your t-cells.\n** when t-cells lost their self-tolerance, this is the time that they will attack the beta cells.\n** why they attacked it? because they are programmed to attack those specific antigens, and those specific antigens can be found in your body specially in your pancreas.\nin a nutshell, if your dog lost his self-tolerance, he will bite you. that is how illustrations should be!! i was diagnosed with type 1 when i was 14 years old, had to learn all this, though i had the best class presentation. @just a potato bro happy for you, hope you guys get cured someday @kzo it took awhile to get use to, especially for my parents as they were always so worried about me. now its much easier to manage as i have an insulin pump, which is equivalent to about one shot every three days. i also have a cgm that shows my current blood glucose. thanks to technology, my parents don't have too worry as much as they can see my sugar on the dexcom app. its made my diabetes so much easier to manage. i hope your cousin is doing well and hopefully there is a cure for all us diabetics! how you doing now, my cousin got type 1 as well at 12 age, i was always so worried for her, she's 16 now and still takes insulin everyday! @friedrich jurgen ok... great video what use of amylin??? best of them all pde din ba ang ang vildagliptine glucus sa may type 2 diabetic milletus great one of the best videos on diabetes on the internet!!!! i just love this channel so much dude it's fking perfect great, you cover all my doubts thanks for this video. u guys are just becoming better and better. i'm just so glad i was born in a generation with this channel. uploaded on 10th september right on time to make me fully understand. u explained it very precisely which makes everything easier to understand. thank you so much for the videos. hoping to see the untouched topics covered. i am here because i'll have an oral exam and i'm a dental student would have been nice to see the immune cells involved and how the pathophysiology progresses :( osmosis be the best only video without \"a quick recap\" medicine made easy yeaaaa i was waiting for that hahahahha i think there is a mistake in that dka part in your video\ndka produces hypokalemia right\nbecause of fluid loss( na+ and k+ is also lost) and also exacerbated by secondary hyperaldosteronism (due to activation of renin angiotensin aldosterone mechanism)\nblood test may show false positive hyperkalemia because of fluid loss .\nwhen patient is given fluids there is normovolemia and potassium level is extremely low\n(reference: davidsons principles and practice of medicine 23rd edition\nchapter diabetes mellitus page : 736 top left 1st paragraph) @joaquin encinashere you go love. soo in the beginning there'll be hyperkalemia in the blood like as explain in the video but in time the kalium(potassium) in the blood will get low. soo we need to see the timeline here. actual quote of the book \"every patient in dka is potassium-depleted, but the\nplasma concentration of potassium gives very little indication of the total body deficit. plasma potassium may even be raised initially due to disproportionate loss of average loss of fluid and electrolytes in adult diabetic ketoacidosis of moderate severity water, catabolism of protein and glycogen, and displacement of potassium from the intracellular compartment by h+ ions. however, soon after treatment is started, there is likely to be a precipitous fall in the plasma potassium due to dilution of extracellular potassium by administration of intravenous fluids, the movement of potassium into cells induced by insulin, and the continuing renal loss of potassium.\" (davidsons 22nd, page 812) he's not wrong but just incomplete at the beginning~ wait let me explain. soo in the beginning there'll be hyperkalemia in the blood like as explain in the video but in time the kalium(potassium) in the blood will get low. soo we need to see the timeline here. actual quote of the book \"every patient in dka is potassium-depleted, but the\nplasma concentration of potassium gives very little indication of the total body deficit. _plasma potassium may even be raised initially_ due to *disproportionate loss of average loss of fluid and electrolytes* in adult diabetic ketoacidosis of moderate severity water, catabolism of protein and glycogen, and displacement of potassium from the intracellular compartment by h+ ions. _however, soon after treatment is started, there is likely to be a precipitous fall in the plasma potassium due to dilution of extracellular potassium_ by administration of intravenous fluids, the movement of potassium into cells induced by insulin, and the continuing renal loss of potassium.\" (davidsons 22nd, page 812) you're not wrong but just incomplete at the beginning. @joaquin encinas i am a student too . have a nice day @vibzz lab ok thanks for the info and specially for the reference, i really appreciate it as a student. have a nice day :) @joaquin encinas\nthere's no actual hyperkalemia in dka . it's actually hypokalemia that's occuring in dka. but due to the volume loss ,when we measure the potassium concentration it shows a false positive hyperkalemia. because the total volume of fluid is so low.\nbut when we correct dka by fluid, this false interpretation will get unveiled and we can actually see that it's hypokalemia. that is why we are actually requiring a potassium supplementation during the therapy 13:48 diagnosis actually the differences between hhs and dka is in laboratory checking where hhs there's no elevation in uric ketone bodies and dka there's an increase. usually +3 uric ketone diabetes ho ye insulin lagte hai to amazon per se bet cap mangwala ak mahine ke us se insulin kam ho jaye char mahine ke us se insulin band ho jaye ye ujwala ayurvedashram ke ayurvedic medicine hai koi side effect nahi dr contat 9767955885 very nice information. i have found something that helps control diabetes @t your gonna have to change your diet as when it comes to controlling diabetes you need to change diet bagi yang punya masalah seperti diabetes, kolestrol, stroke, kencing manis, gondok, pankreas, tumor, liver, penurunan bb, penambah bb, hipertensi, penyakit jantung, kanker usus, detoks, pemutih badan, suplemen kecerdasan anak dan masih banyak lagi penyakit lainnya.\n*silahkan wa ke 08815244140*\nproduk herbal bukan kimia2an.\nini suplemen bukan obat.\ninsyallah dijamin sembuh 1 bulan, sudah banyak testimoninya. best result i got for my parents who suffer from diabetes check out this product @t best video :) maaja aagay thanking you u all r awesome omg u saved me ... tq soooo much i'm a student of 3rd year medicine and this video helped me understand the topic a lot. thank you so much! .meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor amazing video. excelent video! thank you!! sir please uploaded more videos it has been a very informative thanks for sharing you guys are awesome & doing the great job. i think it's the best you tube channel for medical students i have ever seen. so, thanks for that & keep it up... incredible video oh you reuploaded it again? nice hello, your website doesn't work =( best video to understand diabetes. great information and very useful. this was the video i have been waiting for! great information, very useful! nice video.. its so easy to understand !!! thanks bro, and please make it free for the students, not all students have money :( bruh i read this off as deletus meatus this is legit without a doubt..the most detailed vid on youtube wit diabetes. thank u for answering all these unanswered questionshats off!!! iam in love with your videos well done keep going on fantastic explanation osmosis. i believe a low carbohydrate diet is the most important aspect of management. there is also benefit for sleep apnoea and shortness of breath. i'll explain more in a video on my channel. meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor always a pleasure watching osmosis. really helpful had to make a presentation about diabetes mellitus in 2 weeks. was about to start searching information and this shows up. perfect timing first comment: i live that style of teaching!!! great explanation on an important topic! hi everyone, we're updating this video to improve the treatment section for type i and type ii dm, to include hypoglycemia as an acute complication of dm (mostly under insulin treatment) and to note that the fda has recently approved intranasal glucagon as a therapeutic option for severe hypoglycemia. @prashant sharma meeting this doctor is like meet god himself after everything i pass through in my life drubarlo made it possible for me. well i give thanks to you for what you did for me. you are the best doctor i have recently changed my doctor for my mother , aged 58 ,weight 54\nfbs : 135\nppbs : 170\nhe has changed previous doctors medicine from\ntenepride 20 + metformin 500\nto\nvidalagliptin 50 + metformin 500 after breakfast and metformin 500 after dinner daily\nis this combination ok w.r.t sugar treatment and side effects to body in long term ? being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. @aadil siddiqui okay @lindsay milson with respect i want to tell you i haven't messaged you . not a single time!", "likes": "28226", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Osmosis", "chanenelID": "UCNI0qOojpkhsUtaQ4_2NUhQ", "subscribers": "2500000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 1163.0, "keyword": "diabetes type", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.12171612389003691}
{"id": "D7O59psP8Lc", "title": "Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) | Overview of Associated Conditions, Diagnosis & Treatments", "views": "172882", "date_published": "2020-05-06", "description": "Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) | IN-DEPTH OVERVIEW of Causes, Risk Factors, Associated Conditions, Signs & Symptoms, Diagnostic Methods and Treatments  NOTE: This is a supplementary lesson to my other PCOS lesson \u2013 this lesson discusses associated conditions, diagnostic methods and treatments in MUCH more detail.  Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinological disorder in reproductive-aged women. In this lesson, we discuss a list of possible risk factors (& other associated factors), causes, associated conditions (including obesity, diabetes, obstructive sleep apnea, depression/anxiety and cardiovascular disease), signs & symptoms (including acne, hirsutism or excessive hair growth), diagnostic methods (Rotterdam criteria) and treatments.  I hope you find this lesson helpful! If you do, please give this video a thumbs up and consider subscribing to the channel \u2013 all of your support is greatly appreciated!  JJ   Please donate to help support this channel (and get ACCESS TO EXCLUSIVE VIDEOS) \u279c https://www.patreon.com/jjmedicine  *Subscribe for more free medical lessons* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA?sub_confirmation=1  ****EXCLAIMER: The content (ex. images) used in this lesson are used in accordance with Fair Use laws and is intended for educational purposes only.****  **MEDICAL DISCLAIMER**: JJ Medicine does not provide medical advice, and the information available on this channel does not offer a diagnosis or advice regarding treatment. Information presented in these lessons is for EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, and information presented here is NOT TO BE USED as an alternative to a healthcare professional\u2019s diagnosis and treatment of any person/animal.   Only a physician or other licensed healthcare professional are able to determine the requirement for medical assistance to be given to a patient. Please seek the advice of your physician or other licensed healthcare provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition.   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Try Audible and Get A Free Audiobook  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NB86OYE/?_encoding=UTF8&ref_=sv_adbl_subnav_ref1_1  For books and more information on these topics  https://www.amazon.com/shop/jjmedicine  Check out the best tool to help grow your YouTube channel (it\u2019s helped me!) https://www.tubebuddy.com/jjmedicine  Follow me on Twitter! \u279c https://twitter.com/JJ_Medicine Come join me on Facebook! \u279c https://www.facebook.com/JJ-Medicine-100642648161192/ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Check out some of my other lessons.  Medical Terminology - The Basics - Lesson 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04Wh2E9oNug  Infectious Disease Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW0Bkc6c66uDACkzotaK26b  Dermatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW3dgORRNmk_MZvnWpZx_lW  Pharmacology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWPWcV9lZTh-Qxv0gYakQXR  Hematology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW8Ajo1dmxdj4EYEKcbtGju  Rheumatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWDvuhasXsuTFXJp05wwUle  Endocrinology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwUuRSzhploohnaWVvbVZ7ZP  Nephrology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwXRSwrFQK5WwWZLk1Las8v8  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  *Although I try my best to present accurate information, there may be mistakes in this video. If you do see any mistakes with information in this lesson, please comment and let me know.*", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "JJ Medicine", "chanenelID": "UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA", "subscribers": "621000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 1138.0, "keyword": "PCOS", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.06819943394704735}
{"id": "ZJnoVxCq7Ik", "title": "Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Signs & Symptoms | & Why They Occur", "views": "440302", "date_published": "2021-04-26", "description": "Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Signs & Symptoms | & Why They Occur  Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinological disorder in reproductive-age women, affecting a significant portion of this population (5-15%). The underlying etiology of PCOS involves hyperandrogenism (high levels of androgen, like testosterone) and menstrual irregularity. PCOS is also associated with insulin resistance. In this lesson, we discuss a wide variety of signs and symptoms of PCOS and why they occur, and we also discuss conditions that are highly associated with PCOS.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  EXCLAIMER: The content used in this lesson is used in accordance with Fair Use laws and is intended for educational purposes only.   **MEDICAL LEGAL DISCLAIMER**: JJ Medicine does not provide medical advice, and the information available on this channel does not offer a diagnosis or advice regarding treatment. Information presented in these lessons is for EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, and information presented here is NOT TO BE USED as an alternative to a healthcare professional\u2019s diagnosis and treatment of any person/animal.   Only a physician or other licensed healthcare professional are able to determine the requirement for medical assistance to be given to a patient. Please seek the advice of your physician or other licensed healthcare provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I hope you find this lesson helpful. If you do, please consider liking, subscribing and clicking the notification bell to help support the channel and stay up-to-date on future lessons.   JJ   *Subscribe for more free medical lessons* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA?sub_confirmation=1  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ *Check Out Some of My Other Lessons*  Medical Terminology - The Basics - Lesson 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04Wh2E9oNug  Infectious Disease Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW0Bkc6c66uDACkzotaK26b  Dermatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW3dgORRNmk_MZvnWpZx_lW  Pharmacology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWPWcV9lZTh-Qxv0gYakQXR  Hematology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW8Ajo1dmxdj4EYEKcbtGju  Rheumatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWDvuhasXsuTFXJp05wwUle  Endocrinology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwUuRSzhploohnaWVvbVZ7ZP  Nephrology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwXRSwrFQK5WwWZLk1Las8v8  Fatty Acid Synthesis Pathway: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuQS_LpNMzo  Wnt/B Catenin Signaling Pathway:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGVP4J9jpgs  Upper vs. Lower Motor Neuron Lesions: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itNd74V53ng  Lesson on the Purine Synthesis and Salvage Pathway: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2KFVvI8Akk  Gastrulation | Formation of Germ Layers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6Kkn0SECJ4  Introductory lesson on Autophagy (Macroautophagy): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmSVKzHc5yA  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For books and more information on these topics  https://www.amazon.com/shop/jjmedicine  Support future lessons and lectures \u279c https://www.patreon.com/jjmedicine  Start your own website with BlueHost \u279c https://www.bluehost.com/track/jjmedicine/  Check out the best tool to help grow your YouTube channel (it\u2019s helped me!) https://www.tubebuddy.com/jjmedicine  Follow me on Twitter! \u279c https://twitter.com/JJ_Medicine  Come join me on Facebook! \u279c https://www.facebook.com/JJ-Medicine-100642648161192/  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  I am always looking for ways to improve my lessons! Please don't hesitate to leave me feedback and comments - all of your feedback is greatly appreciated! :) And please don't hesitate to send me any messages if you need any help - I will try my best to be here to help you guys :)  Thanks for watching! If you found this video helpful, please like and subscribe! JJ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  DISCLAIMER: This video is for educational purposes only and information in this lesson SHOULD NOT be used for medical purposes alone. Although I try my best to present accurate information, there may be mistakes in this video. If you do see any mistakes with information in this lesson, please comment and let me know.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "JJ Medicine", "chanenelID": "UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA", "subscribers": "621000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 694.0, "keyword": "PCOS", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.06311944030978031}
{"id": "FsNKyKS7M_s", "title": "Polycystic Ovary Syndrome | PCOS | Nucleus Health", "views": "3733976", "date_published": "2011-05-31", "description": "Hospitals and health systems can license this video for content marketing or patient engagement. Learn more: http://www.nucleushealth.com/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video-description&utm_campaign=pcos-053111  This video, created by Nucleus Medical Media, describes PCOS, polycystic ovary (ovarian) syndrome. The animation begins with the normal anatomy and physiology of the ovaries, including the effects of certain hormones on the ovaries during the menstrual cycle. Then, what is known about the pathophysiology of PCOS is shown, including abnormal amounts of specific hormones and how they cause certain symptoms, such as infertility, acne, and abnormal hair growth. Treatments for PCOS are described, including hormonal birth control, anti-androgens, diabetes and fertility medications, and laparoscopic ovarian drilling. #PolycysticOvarySyndrome #PCOS #PolycysticOvarianSyndrome ANH11045", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Nucleus Medical Media", "chanenelID": "UC85VW73bQLEjs_taFKP7TwQ", "subscribers": "5860000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 328.0, "keyword": "PCOS", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.11624763874381928}
{"id": "ZUc5OwI7ZWw", "title": "Metformin Side Effects (& Consequences)", "views": "798810", "date_published": "2021-06-24", "description": "Metformin Side Effects (& Consequences)  Metformin is a common medication used to reduce blood glucose levels in diabetic patients and in other patients including those with polycystic ovary syndrome. However, metformin can also cause a variety of side effects (adverse effects) including diarrhea and abdominal pain among many others. In this lesson, we discuss the side effects of metformin   If you found this lesson helpful, please like and subscribe for more lessons like this one!  JJ  **MEDICAL LEGAL DISCLAIMER**: JJ Medicine does not provide medical advice, and the information available on this channel does not offer a diagnosis or advice regarding treatment. Information presented in these lessons is for educational purposes ONLY, and information presented here is not to be used as an alternative to a healthcare professional\u2019s diagnosis and treatment of any person/animal. Only a physician or other licensed healthcare professional are able to determine the requirement for medical assistance to be given to a patient. Please seek the advice of your physician or other licensed healthcare provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition.   *AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER: This YouTube Channel uses affiliate links and may earn a commission from associated sales.   *IMAGE DISCLAIMER: The content (ex. images) used in this lesson are used in accordance with Fair Use laws and are intended for educational/teaching purposes only*  *Subscribe for more free medical lessons* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA?sub_confirmation=1", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "JJ Medicine", "chanenelID": "UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA", "subscribers": "621000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 651.0, "keyword": "metformin", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.09205746178983235}
{"id": "zX4jZ38J8Hs", "title": "What To Avoid When Taking Metformin | Drug Interactions | Pharmacology", "views": "1749178", "date_published": "2021-11-15", "description": "What To Avoid When Taking Metformin | Drug Interactions | Pharmacology  Metformin is a medication used to reduce or lower blood glucose levels. Metformin is used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome, among other conditions. Unfortunately, metformin can cause a variety of mild and severe side effects, including lactic acidosis. Certain foods, beverages and other medications can increase the risk of side effects from metformin.  I hope you find this lesson helpful. If you do, please like and subscribe for more lessons like this one!  JJ  **MEDICAL LEGAL DISCLAIMER**: JJ Medicine does not provide medical advice, and the information available on this channel does not offer a diagnosis or advice regarding treatment. Information presented in these lessons is for educational purposes ONLY, and information presented here is not to be used as an alternative to a healthcare professional\u2019s diagnosis and treatment of any person/animal. Only a physician or other licensed healthcare professional are able to determine the requirement for medical assistance to be given to a patient. Please seek the advice of your physician or other licensed healthcare provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition.   *AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER: This YouTube Channel uses affiliate links and may earn a commission from associated sales.   *IMAGE DISCLAIMER: The content (ex. images) used in this lesson are used in accordance with Fair Use laws and are intended for educational/teaching purposes only*  *Subscribe for more free medical lessons* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA?sub_confirmation=1  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For books and more information on these topics  https://www.amazon.com/shop/jjmedicine  Support future lessons and lectures \u279c https://www.patreon.com/jjmedicine  Check out the best tool to help grow your YouTube channel (it\u2019s helped me!) https://www.tubebuddy.com/jjmedicine  Follow me on Twitter! \u279c https://twitter.com/JJ_Medicine  Come join me on Facebook! \u279c https://www.facebook.com/JJ-Medicine-100642648161192/  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ *Check Out Some of My Other Lessons*  Medical Terminology - The Basics - Lesson 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04Wh2E9oNug  Infectious Disease Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW0Bkc6c66uDACkzotaK26b  Dermatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW3dgORRNmk_MZvnWpZx_lW  Pharmacology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWPWcV9lZTh-Qxv0gYakQXR  Hematology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW8Ajo1dmxdj4EYEKcbtGju  Rheumatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWDvuhasXsuTFXJp05wwUle  Endocrinology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwUuRSzhploohnaWVvbVZ7ZP  Nephrology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwXRSwrFQK5WwWZLk1Las8v8  Fatty Acid Synthesis Pathway: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuQS_LpNMzo  Wnt/B Catenin Signaling Pathway:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGVP4J9jpgs  Upper vs. Lower Motor Neuron Lesions: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itNd74V53ng  Lesson on the Purine Synthesis and Salvage Pathway: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2KFVvI8Akk  Gastrulation | Formation of Germ Layers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6Kkn0SECJ4  Introductory lesson on Autophagy (Macroautophagy): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmSVKzHc5yA", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "JJ Medicine", "chanenelID": "UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA", "subscribers": "621000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 628.0, "keyword": "metformin", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.06917144638660747}
{"id": "7cUH-Lp3vlw", "title": "How to take METFORMIN | What All Patients Need to Know | Dose, Side Effects & More", "views": "229492", "date_published": "2022-03-14", "description": "Metformin in its generic form, is a commonly used medication for type 2 diabetes. In this video Dr Hart-Pinto answers the most common questions on including:  \u2022 How and when should you take your Metformin  \u2022 How long does it take for the medication to work?  \u2022 How long will you need to take my medication? \u2022 Are there any side effects?  ...................  Metformin is also known under the following brand names: \u2022 Glucophage \u2022 Bolamyn \u2022 Diagemet \u2022 Glucient  \u2022 Metabet \u2022 Riomet   ...................  #Medication #Metformin #Diabetes  TIMESTAMPS: 00:00 Intro 00:45 What is Metformin?  01:53 Is Metformin safe for me? 02:24 Pregnancy & Breastfeeding 02:46 Is it safe to take Metformin with my current medications? 03:27 What is the correct dose of Metformin?  03:53 How long does Metformin take to work? 04:09 How and when to take Metformin 04:31 Are there any foods I should avoid? 04:49 Can I Drink Alcohol with this medication? 05:03 I have missed my dose. What should I do? 05:19 I have accidentally taken too much medication. 04:47 How long will I need to take my medication? 06:07 Side Effects of Metformin 07:28 Hypoglycaemia 08:18 Legal Disclaimer 08:41 End Screen  ......................  Patient Information videos produced by GMC registered/Certified Doctors.   Videos cover definitions, aetiology, symptoms, clinical features, management, prognosis and complications of a wide variety of medical topics.   Authors:  1. Dr. A. Hart-Pinto MBChB (Hons) BSc (Hons) MRCS 2. Dr. Najeebah Jaunbocus MBChB MRCGP  ........................  JHP Medical UK, uses stock footage within its videos. We do not believe, nor do we wish to imply, that individuals identifiable within stock footage suffer from the condition being discussed. If you do not wish to be included in our videos please contact our team via JHPmedical@gmail.com, and we will remove the footage.  ......................  Background Music Licenced from Epidemic Sound   Want to try Epidemic Sound for your videos click the link : https://www.epidemicsound.com/referra...  ....................   Legal Disclaimer  JHP Medical UK contains content generated by our doctors. Content provided via YouTube is for general information purposes ONLY. Information videos are not produced to provide individualised medical advice. Medical education videos on JHP Medical UK are not a substitute for professional professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. NEVER ignore professional medical advice because of something you have heard here. ALWAYS consult your doctor regarding any concerns about your condition or treatment.  Reasonable effort shall be made to update the information on the JHP Medical UK YouTube channel. However, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content is accurate, complete or up-to-date.", "tags": ["Metformin", "when to use Metformin", "Metformin and alcohol", "when to take Metformin", "Diabetes", "side effects of metformin", "diet and metformin", "how to use metformin", "Glucophage", "Bolamyn", "Diagemet", "Glucient", "Metabet", "Riomet"], "comments": "very good information thanks so much very informative. thank you. it would be great if i could eliminate the diarrhea side effects. metformin comes from a compound in the french lilac plant that has been used for thousands of years. it works at lowering blood sugar, but it is just treating the symptoms and not the cause of the problem. the low carb keto thing is also treating the symptoms of the problem. insulin resistance is caused by a genetic defect in the atp7b gene which is a copper binding gene. there are over 400 mutations of this gene that have been found so far, and most of them are only partial gene defects, where the body can still bind and evacuate some copper, which means the toxic free copper gradually builds over a lifetime. the free copper test code at lab corp in the us is 279071. if you wanna treat the cause of the problem and cure t2 diabetes, lower your free copper. the free copper test is not the same as serum copper test. this test will measure the amount of toxic free copper contained in your serum copper. here's how free copper causes insulin resistance. when it becomes elevated it depletes the body of vanadium and chromium needed for glucose metabolism. it also lowers ala, zinc, and b6 which are also needed for glucose metabolism. there are numerous over the counter supplements on the market that contain all of these things, and they work. just make sure they have vanadium and chromium, because those are the most important ones. back in the 1920's doctors were using vanadium and chromium to control t2 diabetic's blood sugar. they tested diabetics and found that they were all low in these trace minerals, but didn't know why, because free copper was only recently discovered after the genome was mapped. if your free copper is elevated, you can take daily zinc 50 mg one hour before meals, 3 times per day and in 9 - 12 months you can bring your free copper to a non toxic level. just make sure that your doctor is checking you for iron deficiency, because zinc also gets rid of the iron. usage patents have been applied for to treat and cure t2 diabetes with ammonium tetrathiomolybdate, which is a copper lowering compound, but the fda never approved it. they don't want diabetes cured, because big pharma is making billions from selling insulin and drugs to treat the symptoms for a person's lifetime. once you're cured, they lose their cash cow. even before you lower your free copper level and correct the cause of the problem, you can instantly normalize your blood sugar by taking a supplement containing vanadium, chromium and ala. if your free copper test shows high, just google search \"antagonists of copper\" and take those vitamins and minerals. there are other things that an elevated free copper causes, such as hypothyroidism. the high free copper lowers tyrosine, which is needed along with iodine to make t4 and it also depletes iron, b2, b12, b6,selenium, etc needed to convert thyroid hormone to t3. take all these things while lowering your free copper and have your thyroid levels checked by your doctor, and i'll guarantee you that you won't need that medication that treats only the symptoms of the problem. i've been taking it for years and i'm doing great. you forgot to mention side effect of massive diarrhea... metformin is a fountain of youth. it will radically slow down the aging process. what about grapefruit? lie some more lol get loss took it for a short time then ditched it used essential oils much better how about all the bad side-effects??? eat a high protein diet and you won't need metformin. it to make money people. the best thing to do with metformin is chuck it in the garbage i thought they took metformin off the market? very informative. i've been taking metformin for 25 years and it has kept my blood sugars at an acceptable level. make a video on stanin. do not take metformin. very small value and bad side effects. very informative. keep it up. i can hear first few words, rest of the line remains within your lips. there is no cure to diabetes unless you can regrow the beta cells in the pancreas. please do not take any diabetic medications. the best treatment is to stay away from sugar and exercise and watch what you eat especially processed foods and msg. metformin causes deficiency in vitamin b12 and vitamin b1 in the body and causes you to look aged. i have been a diabetic for 25 years and have thrown the metformin into the dustbin since 10 july 2010. just walking for more than 40 minutes preferably twice a day will cause your arteries to produce nitric oxide which will open every tiny blood vessel in the body and keep you healthy. average info only for those with a moderate understanding of the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes how is it possible to know wether this medication is a good one rather than a business man made profit making or a non conform one? thanks. because it is cheap and has been shown to be helpful in preventing diabetic nephropathy. it has been studied extensively. it works wonderfully. i have been taking it for about 10 years. my a1c has always been 6.0-6.5. i take it twice a day, after meals. it does work...for me five years. thanks! thank you dock what is the right dosage of taking metformin is it 500mg or 1000mg on a daily basis. kindly advise depends on your a1c level. they started me on 1000 two times a day when diabetes first found and uncontroled. should you take metformin if\nyou are pre-diabetic? life style changes will help in such conditions type two is hyper insulimia it is the opposite of type one, your pancreas still works but your cells reject insulin carrying glucose and other nutrients because they are crammed with to much glucose you have to stop carbs like bread pasta sugar rice potatoes oats bananas apples pineapples honey anything high in sugar fructose or high carbs as mentioned above because they spike your insulin to much to get any control it, eat berries far less sugar, veg, meat, fish large salads, cheese, i had type two and followed this diet with intermittent fasting and short intense exercise and reversed my condition.... if your have to have a sweetener use xylitol or any other natural sweetener that are very low in carbs.. do not take metformin it tricks the cell into taking in more insulin than naturally possible, two of my customers developed kidney disease from metformin and another customer who is a retired kidney doctor who has type two diabetes said stay well away from it, reverse it with diet and only a respectable doc would advise this.... they never told me about the side effects ! farting thanks for the info\nmusic is distracting though you appear to be non medical personnel\nsuggesting metformin to treat diabetes\nlet a physician suggest the same. does this information apply for the generic brand. cause that's all i get. my dosage is much more than 1 per day poisonous crap, eat really healthy and heal your body people your body will heal itself. manmade compound drug is a danger to your health and all your organs wow, compare this \"channel\" to talking with docs (twd) and you see both ends of the spectrum. twd is engaging and educational. this one puts me to sleep. sorry. the truth. when i took metformin, i might as well have been preparing for a colonoscopy! plz reply it is safe in pregnancy? don't like the background music. any music. why do it? evil ass medication.\nplenty of other avenues to become well. thank you for this information. since i started on metforman i have lost approximately 1 lbs per day ... i have lost 9 lbs so far. i thought it was a side affect, should i be concerned. i have not had any of the other side effects you have mentioned. met for in is not the answer, drs are giving all of you false hopes, a bunch of garbage it kills you!!!! thank you for the information. i have a question : are you a medical physician ??, md ? you need to pay more attention that is the first thing he says stating the video. he is a doctor. director jhp medical uk interesting insights. thank you as i'm taking metformin long term, should i be taking vitamin b12 now, and if so, which is the best one to take please? thank you for your talk on metformin i am on metformin for 17 years an it realy helps me wonderful information...thank you so much. i was diagnosed with type 2 four weeks ago and prescribed metformin and gliclazide. also have high blood pressure and high cholesterol. would have loved the information you gave weeks ago. all i had was just a 5 minute phone call from my gp!\ni've subscribed for more information.....thanks again for your time. metformin is made of muriatic acid ! i took it for many years until one day gave me a sharp pain in my liver. does metformin increase effectiveness of insulin on tissues? . meaning decrease insulin resistance. yes it does but there is also apple cider vinegar (acv) and berberine natural alternatives.\nacv usage, take 30 mins before meal. 2 tablespoons to 300 to 400 mls of water. use a metal straw to sip it as taking it straight may or may not strip teeth enamel.\nthese things, including metformin are for short term usage. metformins effectiveness in particular declines after around 6 months when you will be given more or changed to another med.\na 30 minute walk after a meal is always effective. take the metformin and throw it in the garbage & stop eating all the carbs. 10.6 a1c to 5.4, it works. are you a doc? what does too much taking mean?\ni am told the er type has more problems . slight inflamation and b12 fall in blood is the only invisible problem from long term use. he says at the very beginning that he is a doctor. you're so right. thank you awesome information, thank you for sharing, greetings from orlando florida good job i'm taking metformin. does metformin cause body itching? yes i itch like mad yes, as stated in the video. a rash. how u think side effects can be avoided while taking metformin thank you very much interesting education vedio.\nplease explain what is insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic. is this can happened to take many sugary foods in children age below 18 years and as a result shows type 2 diabetic after 20 years. why don't you mention that u should take vitamin b-1 when taking metformin. b 12 too because he has no idea. metformin affects coq10 too and b9/folate you didn't mention flatulence, wow, and some! i love the music . thanks don't eat that poison! i almost died from it. a lot of doctors prescribe this drug without investigating whether the patient might be oversensitive to it or not, which has been proven over 80% is. the side effects usually start off as discomfort, gases or stomach pain and then it gradually goes downhill with all kinds of more severe symptoms. if you have hemochromatosis, it is even worse or if you have to have anesthesia, you might die from it. work on your diet plan instead and control your diabetes in another way. stay away from that crap and refuse yo take it when the doctor says \"it's just as harmless as tylenol\"...it is a justified reason why it is banned in some countries. dr. agboya herbal treatment is very effective and safe in curing herpes virus and other diseases. i was cured of herpes simplex virus through the help of dr. agboya herbal medicine on youtube . dr. agboya herbal treatment is very effective and safe in curing herpes virus and other diseases. i was cured of herpes simplex virus through the help of dr. agboya herbal medicine on youtube . thanks to dr. odion for helping me with his herbal treatment to cure my hpv1&2. here is his youtube channel in case someone wants to order his herbal treatment https://youtube.com/channel/ucljpudfnpftjjnmfkkpgt7g. he is also specialized in curing all kinds of diseases god bless dr. idakwo on youtube who cured me from genital warts with his effective herbal medications, i didn't believe until i gave a try to my surprise the medications works without no side effects. god bless dr. idakwo on youtube who cured me from genital warts with his effective herbal medications, i didn't believe until i gave a try to my surprise the medications works without no side effects. it's very helpful for osteoarthritis. shame i can't get it in the uk.\ni get mine from malaysia where they cost pennys, @anonymous human\nthough it was impossible for me to know, but i think your doctors meant well for you. i would like to elaborate on what unwarranted risks could be.\nputting metformin into your regular medication will\n1. expose you to risk of side effects as stated in the video above.\n2. expose you to potential drug interaction, should you ever get a condition that requires certain medicines(such as antibiotic like cephalexin; proton pump inhibitor like omeprazole or esomeprazole-the stomach medicine-pretty common, right?; antihistamines like cimetidine or ranitidine or cpm and much, much more) in the future. some interactions are dangerous.\nfurthermore, it will potentially complicate or delay some medical procedure like contrast imaging with iodinated contrast which is needed in many conditions including but not exclusive to some emergencies.\n3. make you pay more.\nosteoarthritis is a degenerative disease, a disease of a wear and tear. bluntly speaking, it will only get worse with time. arthroplasty(joint replacement) would help with your pain and maybe some mobility(as you might have experienced with your other hip). i believe that your doctors and orthopaedic surgeon never want to have you suffer. they probably put it as the last option since surgical operation such as this also carries its own risk and prosthetics are very costly.\nit must have been difficult to endure. hope everything goes well for you. @cynbel evleda thank you for taking the time to help educate!\ni always assume the doctors would know all the medications. i was actually out on xaralto for a small blood clot late last year. when i brought that up with my orthopaedic surgeon he had to research it. as soon as he saw the generic name you could see him light up and knew about it in detail.\nit was thought by my gp that it was possible that it was caused by the first vaccination from az. this was the first one.\nanyway i am on codeines for my hip arthritis on my right hand side. i had my left one done two years ago.\nwhat is interesting about metaformin is that it is an anti inflammatory that has quite a long half life and is effective for up to 24 hours.\nthe gp keeps increasng the codeine doses which has lots of relief but because the joint is literally giving way so as the fluid dissiapates the ball and socket start to touch which is extremely painful.\ni have been told i will have the operation by year end as the surgeon can see the differences in the x-rays over tine.\ni just need to be rid of this pain. my life is so closed in i can't do anything. @anonymous human i'm not sure what your exact situation was but it indeed is unbelievable that a gp would not know about metformin when it was a common knowledge even for medical students. so it might possibly be that:\n1. some gp might not be familiar with brand names, instead of not being familiar of the drugs themselves. there are some gp that had only ever use generic name. if one were to go up to them with \"fortamet\" or \"glumetza\" instead of the generic \"metformin\", they might be a little confused. same goes with the anticoagulant \"xarelto\" instead of generic \"rivaroxaban\".\n2. or that person might 'not know what you are on about' in the part relating to using it as a disease-modifying drug for osteoarthritis. true that for the recent years there has been various researches about metformin possibly providing chondroprotective, immunomedulatory and analgesic effect in osteoarthritis including safety & efficacy studies being conducted, but there has yet to be any established indication or guideline recommending metformin for osteoarthritis. i might be outdated about the guideline, but whether that was the case or not, i suggest you consult with a currently active orthopaedic doctor or rheumatologist before coming to conclusion that metformin is necessary for your osteoarthritis.\nhope this somewhat raise a little bit of confidence in your doctors and help you avoid unwarranted risk in medication. @tonynecko these are simple things. a gp should know what the hell medication is.\nunbelievable. @anonymous human i saw the specialist doctor for my diabetes and he prescribed it. request specialist consultation from your gp ;) thank you for the wow amazingly i am now cured completely from diabetes help me thank doctor alued for curing me with his medication wow amazingly i am now cured completely from diabetes help me thank doctor alued for curing me with his medication nave you let someone deceive you that herbs can't help you cure your stomach ulcer , try it and it will work for you... #drsirdoma thank you, and my health centre said take two doses if you miss one. that can cause hypoglycemia, not recommended. yeah i took that and it made me sick and i do mean it made me sick very nice video, clear and concise. grapefruit works better than metformin...learn how to use grapefruit, it has no deadly side effects.", "likes": "2149", "default_language": "en-GB", "channel": {"name": "JHP Medical UK", "chanenelID": "UC3OywwaprwNKKMtUN8idoag", "subscribers": "87600"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 534.0, "keyword": "metformin", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "Tt3J0flYZt8", "title": "Peripheral Neuropathy", "views": "535496", "date_published": "2012-03-09", "description": "http://www.nucleushealth.com/ - This 3D medical animation on peripheral neuropathy describes the anatomy and physiology of peripheral nerves.  It shows the causes and symptoms of two types of peripheral neuropathy: mononeuropathy which is damage to a single nerve, and polyneuropathy which involves multiple nerves.  This animation also lists treatments for peripheral neuropathy.  Interested in more? Watch our carpal tunnel animation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-SeJh5-nOo #PeripheralNeuropathy #Mononeuropathy #Polyneuropathy ANH11054", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Nucleus Medical Media", "chanenelID": "UC85VW73bQLEjs_taFKP7TwQ", "subscribers": "5860000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 257.0, "keyword": "neuropathy", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.14907119849998599}
{"id": "CyOdY5L-YeE", "title": "Diabetic Neuropathy, Animation", "views": "101203", "date_published": "2021-12-13", "description": "Damage to the nervous system is the most common complication of diabetes mellitus. Types of diabetic neuropathy: peripheral neuropathy, autonomic neuropathy, mononeuropathy and proximal neuropathy. Pathophysiology, symptoms, complications and treatments. For patient education. This video is available for instant download licensing here: https://www.alilamedicalmedia.com/-/galleries/narrated-videos-by-topics/diabetes/-/medias/3eea39ab-f6be-4dbd-b7ef-131d90d59b3a-diabetic-neuropathy-narrated-animation \u00a9Alila Medical Media. All rights reserved.  Voice by : Marty Henne Support us on Patreon and get early access to videos and free image downloads: patreon.com/AlilaMedicalMedia All images/videos by Alila Medical Media are for information purposes ONLY and are NOT intended to replace professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of a qualified healthcare provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Diabetic neuropathy is nerve damage caused by diabetes. It is the most common diabetic complication, affecting at least 50% of all patients. Chronic high blood sugar levels cause progressive injury to neurons. Sensory neurons are usually the first to be affected, followed by autonomic neurons that control internal organs. Rarely, motor neurons that activate voluntary movements may also be impaired later in the disease, albeit to a lesser extent. There are several types of diabetic neuropathy. A patient may develop more than one type at a time. The most common is peripheral neuropathy. It\u2019s also called \u201cdistal symmetric polyneuropathy\u201d because it typically involves multiple peripheral nerves, on both sides of the body, and affects the longest sensory axons that convey sensations from the feet, legs, and hands. Symptoms develop on the body in that order and include numbness, tingling, or burning sensation, which usually worsen at night. Sensitivity to pain can either be exaggerated, or, on the contrary, lost. Loss of sensation leads to increased risk of painless injuries, which often go unnoticed and therefore untreated. This, together with slow healing caused by diabetes, can turn minor cuts or blisters into serious infections.  Autonomic neuropathy affects nerves that control activities of internal organs.  In cardiac autonomic neuropathy, nerves that regulate heart rate and blood pressure are damaged. As a result, the body reacts more slowly to change of position, and patients may feel lightheadedness when standing up. Other signs include rapid heart rates, or sudden, unexplained changes in heart rate. In the digestive system, nerve damage may cause nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, difficulty swallowing, slow stomach emptying, and bowel problems. Neuropathy in the urinary and reproductive systems may lead to urinary retention, hesitancy, urinary incontinence, and sexual dysfunctions. Nerve damage in the eyes can cause slower adjustment to changes in light and darkness. Nerve damage in sweat glands may result in either absence of sweat or heavy sweating, especially at night; different parts of the body may also produce sweat differently. Another effect of autonomic neuropathy is hypoglycemia unawareness, meaning the body is unaware when blood sugar levels are low. Warning signs such as hunger or dizziness cannot be felt, and patients may pass out before taking steps to increase their blood sugar. Mononeuropathy, or focal neuropathy, is dysfunction of a single nerve, typically due to entrapment. A common example is carpal tunnel syndrome, in which the median nerve is compressed as it passes through a narrow tunnel in the wrist, causing pain, numbness, and tingling in the hand. Damage to a cranial nerve can cause problems with vision or loss of control of facial muscles. Proximal neuropathy is a rare type of nerve damage affecting the thighs, hip, buttock, and occasionally, the abdomen or chest, typically on one side of the body. Symptoms include severe pain in the affected areas, and thigh muscle weakness and wasting.  Diabetic neuropathy can be prevented by effectively controlling blood sugar levels. Managing diabetes also helps slow the progression of damage.  Treatments aim to relieve pain and symptoms, to restore functions and prevent further complications. Treatments vary depending on the affected organs.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Alila Medical Media", "chanenelID": "UCiTGKA9W0G0TL8Hm7Uf_u9A", "subscribers": "909000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 240.0, "keyword": "neuropathy", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.05707301455353496}
{"id": "loUuq7rPTH0", "title": "Peripheral Neuropathy Relief in the Feet & Legs - Ask Doctor Jo", "views": "2420083", "date_published": "2017-02-28", "description": "Peripheral neuropathy is basically when you have damage to your peripheral nerves from either a trauma or disease. This can cause your hands and/or feet become numb and tingly. I'll focus on the feet/legs for this video. See Doctor Jo\u2019s blog post about this at: http://www.askdoctorjo.com/peripheral-neuropathy-feet-legs  Peripheral neuropathy can be caused from diabetes, medications, or even chemotherapy, as well as many other things. Having good flexibility and strength in these areas will help.   The first stretch will be a calf stretch. Sit on the ground with your legs straight out in front of you. You can bend the leg you are not stretching towards you. Put a belt, towel, or dog leash around the ball of your foot. Keep your back and knee straight, and relax your ankle. Pull your foot towards you with the strap until you feel a stretch. Hold this for 30 seconds, and do it three times on each side.  Next are ankle pumps. With your legs straight out in front of you, place a roll just under your ankle so your heel can move freely. Trying to keep your leg straight and moving only at your ankle, pull your foot up towards you, and then push it down like you are pushing on a peddle. Then you will do ankle circles. Again, try not to move your whole leg. Keep the movement at the ankle. Do ten one direction, and then reverse it and do ten the other direction.  Now you will do a simple straight leg raise (SLR). You want to squeeze your muscles tight to lock out the knee and pull your toes towards your head to keep the whole leg straight. This will work your hip flexor muscles when you lift your leg off the ground. Use slow controlled movements to make sure you are using the muscles and not momentum. Start off with ten, and work your way up.   Then, you are going to lie on your side. The top leg is going to stay straight and pull your toes up towards you. Keep your body in a straight line as well. This is going to work your hip abductor muscles. Then you are going to work the bottom leg working your hip adductor muscles. Same as above, keep the leg straight. Start with ten of each of these, and do both sides.  In standing, you will do a heel/toe raise off the ground. Stand with your feet about shoulder width apart, come up on your toes as high as you can. Try not to lean forward, but bring your body straight up and slowly come back down. Push off as much as you can so your heel leaves the ground. Then lift your toes off the ground, alternating back and forth. Start off with ten and work your way up to 20-25.  The last exercise will be a balance series. Stand on one foot, but hold onto something sturdy. Try to balance for 30 seconds to a minute. When that becomes easy, just use one finger one each side. Then just one finger for balance, and finally try balancing without holding on at all.  Related Videos:  Calf Exercises for Strengthening: https://youtu.be/U4UaKKEFODc?list=PLPS8D21t0eO8bRyNBvm5NULZeCKPsnP3Q  3 Best Stretches for Knee Pain: https://youtu.be/c_IklPBFMrM?list=PLPS8D21t0eO8bRyNBvm5NULZeCKPsnP3Q  ===========================================  SUPPORT me on Patreon for as little as $1 a month, and get cool rewards: http://www.patreon.com/askdoctorjo  SUBSCRIBE for More Videos: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=askdoctorjo  =======================================  Doctor Jo is a Doctor of Physical Therapy. http://www.AskDoctorJo.com http://www.facebook.com/AskDoctorJo http://www.pinterest.com/AskDoctorJo https://www.instagram.com/AskDoctorJo http://www.twitter.com/AskDoctorJo http://plus.google.com/+AskDoctorJo  =======================================  Peripheral Neuropathy Relief in the Feet & Legs: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loUuq7rPTH0  DISCLAIMER: This content (the video, description, links, and comments) is not medical advice or a treatment plan and is intended for general education and demonstration purposes only. This content should not be used to self-diagnose or self-treat any health, medical, or physical condition. Don\u2019t use this content to avoid going to your own healthcare professional or to replace the advice they give you. Consult with your healthcare professional before doing anything contained in this content. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Ask Doctor Jo, LLC and its officers for any and all losses, injuries, or damages resulting from any and all claims that arise from your use or misuse of this content. Ask Doctor Jo, LLC makes no representations about the accuracy or suitability of this content. Use of this content is at your sole risk.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "AskDoctorJo", "chanenelID": "UCjdxelARHGq3-3dN_neMOAQ", "subscribers": "1730000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 424.0, "keyword": "neuropathy", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.05965499862718936}
{"id": "A-B3GIPWH7g", "title": "50 Bodyweight Exercises | Every Muscle", "views": "1247043", "date_published": "2021-01-07", "description": "Follow along with Chris Heria as he shows you 50 Bodyweight Exercises covering Every Muscle with beginner, intermediate, and advanced moves.   Find out How to start working out the best way for beginners with Chris Heria and the Heria Pro App. & for more workouts by Chris Heria visit heriapro.com and download the HERIA Pro App in the App Store!  GET THIS WORKOUT ON YOUR PHONE: https://share.heriapro.com/share/ZwinWcuJkbxjTzBaA  Follow us:  @chrisheria https://www.instagram.com/chrisheria/  soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/chrisheria  Instagram: @chrisheria                     @weightvest                     @heria.shop                     @heriapro   DOWNLOAD HERIA PRO APP to have Chris Heria as your trainer in your pocket.: http://heria.pro/   SHOP HERIA APPAREL: https://chrisheria.com   JOIN OUR EVENTS:  http://thenx.com/blog/events/ (currently updating)   BUY A HERIA WEIGHTVEST: https://chrisheria.com/collections/equipment/products/i-strong-heria-strong-i-weight-vest   FOLLOW CHRIS HERIA MUSIC ON SOUNDCLOUD/SPOTIFY https://soundcloud.com/chrisheria https://open.spotify.com/artist/62qifOWqESHtTVSZrlKRtt   JOIN OUR EVENTS:  http://thenx.com/blog/events/ (currently updating)   check out my main YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND SUBSCRIBE: https://www.youtube.com/officialthenxstudios", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "CHRIS HERIA", "chanenelID": "UCaBqRxHEMomgFU-AkSfodCw", "subscribers": "4090000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 671.0, "keyword": "body weight", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "5jj3425zDBY", "title": "Ideal Body Weight (IBW) - Calculation Explained", "views": "10572", "date_published": "2022-03-23", "description": "\ud83d\udcb2\u2702\ufe0f 10% off EACH Month your MyNurisngMastery subscription: https://adv.icu/mastery \u2764\ufe0f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83c\udffc Show your support with an ICU Advantage Sticker HERE \ud83d\udc49\ud83c\udffc https://adv.icu/support  A quick review over the use of ideal body weight for our patients. It was discovered that some medications metabolized based on a persons ideal body weight vs their actual weight, along with other things like lung sizes for ventilation are based on the calculated ideal body weight of a patient and not their true weight. To ensure safety for them, we need to use their IBW and it helps understanding what that means and how we calculate it.   ----------  \ud83e\udd14 Curious how you can show your support? AND get extra content such as the notes for each lesson!  Consider supporting ICU Advantage....  - on YouTube channel membership head over to: https://adv.icu/ym  - on Patreon head over to: https://adv.icu/pm  If not, no worries, as you watching videos here, liking them, commenting and sharing them also really help to support the channel! \ud83d\ude0d  ---------  \ud83d\udc55 $20 towards Figs Scrubs! https://adv.icu/figs \ud83e\udd11  LIMITED TIME OFFER! Get 3 free stocks valued up to $6300 by opening & funding a Webull brokerage account! Get started: https://a.webull.com/wfFpxIPmW3jyn7pnaA  ---------  \ud83d\udcda\ud83d\udcd6BOOKS I RECOMMEND \u2714\ufe0fBarron\u2019s CCRN Exam: https://amzn.to/2MFWIkH \u2714\ufe0fPass CCRN!: https://amzn.to/36apxgN \u2714\ufe0fAACN Essentials of Critical Care Nursing: https://amzn.to/2F5riQs \u2714\ufe0fKaplan Adult CCRN Review: https://amzn.to/37igv1t \u2714\ufe0fMarino\u2019s The ICU Book: https://amzn.to/2ZzKP4Y  \ud83e\ude7a\ud83c\udfe5\ud83d\udd8aSOME OF MY FAVORITE NURSING GEAR \u2714\ufe0f3M Littmann Master Cardiology Stethoscope: https://amzn.to/2sn0wR5 \u2714\ufe0fRip Shears - Trauma Shears: https://amzn.to/35diZwR \u2714\ufe0fLeatherman - Raptor Shears: https://amzn.to/2MGF801 \u2714\ufe0fStethoscope Tape Holder: https://amzn.to/2snWkAy \u2714\ufe0fPilot FriXion Erasable Pens: https://amzn.to/2Qw9pQg  \ud83d\udcbb\ud83c\udf99GEAR THAT I USE TO MAKE THESE VIDEOS \u2714\ufe0fApple Pencil: https://amzn.to/368qS83 \u2714\ufe0fiPad Pro 12.9\u201d: https://amzn.to/367s2QV \u2714\ufe0fBlue Yeti Mic: https://amzn.to/2Q7vrK9 \u2714\ufe0fMacBook Pro 15\u201d: https://amzn.to/2tcDegM   \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc If you enjoyed this video or found it useful, please hit the like button as this greatly helps the channel out! Also make sure and subscribe, hit the bell icon and select all notifications to stay up to date on our latest videos!   \ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f A Special THANK YOU to YouTube and Patreon Members!!! \ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f \ud83c\udfc6 Patreon Code Team: John, Tsz, Dajana, Selena, Anita, Amelie, Dominic, April, Laura, Dina, Lydia, Lindsay, and Daisy!   \u26a0\ufe0f\u26a0\ufe0f DISCLAIMER: Links included in this description are affiliate links. If you purchase a product or service with the links that I provide I may receive a small commission. There is no additional charge to you!  \u2757\ufe0f\u2757\ufe0fPLEASE NOTE: ICU Advantage medical videos, medical lectures, medical illustrations, and medical animations are for medical education and exam preparation purposes, and not intended to replace recommendations by your doctor or health care provider. The information is present here to give you a starting place to further look in to the proper treatments and recommendations for the care of your patient.  #ICUAdvantage #IBW #IdealBodyWeight", "tags": ["ideal body weight", "IBW", "predicted body weight", "PBW", "devine formula", "devine formula for adults", "IBW calculation", "ideal body weight calculation", "PBW calculation", "predicted body weight calculation", "ideal body weight vs actual", "ideal body weight vs total body weight", "ideal body weight vs predicted body weight", "IBW vs PBW"], "comments": "show your support with an icu advantage sticker! https://adv.icu/support\nnotes for this lesson (and all previous lessons) are availably only to youtube and patreon members. links to join both here\nyoutube: https://adv.icu/ym | patreon: https://adv.icu/pm okay my ideal weight is 60kg.\nguess my height. i subscribed and hit the like button on all your videos that i watch. i was wondering if you would be so kind as to do a video on \"critical care assessment\"? especially for vented and sedated patients, just helping put it all together. thanks trevor. i really appreciate all that. i do have that on the todo list for the future. i do get a lot of people that ask for that. just have to think through how i'm going to do it on here. what if we have a man who is 184 cm and has only 65 kg - tbw\nhis ibw calculated is 78.8 kg.\ni should set up a tidal volume based on ibw or in this case if the tbw is lower, on tbw?\nalso for rocuronium/or other anesthetics that are based on ibw in this case if tbw is lower than ibw, how i should calculate the dose ibw should be used, whether its higher or lower than tbw, for most individuals. hey eddie, first and foremost thank you tremendously for your time and efforts on publishing these contents. by this stage, i have watched all of your videos and am circling back to some of your previous videos. in addition to that, i have finally paid off all my student debt and would like to make a one time contribution to your efforts and mission. if you could guide me how to go about proceeding with that i would kindly appreciate it. i am not ready to commit to a monthly contribution just yet but once i am, your channel would be the first one on my list. once again thank you all for your generous efforts educating our nursing community. wow ping, thats quite the accomplishment as there are a lot of videos lol. i definitely have seen you around for a while so you've had time thats for sure. also congrats on paying off the student debt. thats huge and i bet a big relief to have that taken care of.\nas for contributing, you certainly don't have to, but i do really appreciate the offer. if you really want to do sometime one time, there are links at the bottom of each recent video with a link to purchase an icu advantage sticker to show support.\nagain, thanks for all your support over such a long period of time. i'm glad you've enjoyed the channel and videos and truly happy to be able to help. super thank you! the formula i use in the transport world is a bit simpler than this and yeilds a result that's just a slight bit off from your calculations but close enough that it's useful in calculating vt. it's just a lot less math.\ntake the number of inches over 5 feet (60 inches) and double that. add that to 45 for females and 50 for males. this is your ibw in kg.\n(technically it's supposed to be number of inches over 60 inches x 2.2 but the rounding eliminates the difference anyway)", "likes": "317", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "ICU Advantage", "chanenelID": "UC5ADeLt8ckSBvfz0C47qbGQ", "subscribers": "416000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 335.0, "keyword": "body weight", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.08528028654224416}
{"id": "zejHjXjhdiY", "title": "30-Minute Bodyweight Workout", "views": "3275051", "date_published": "2019-12-22", "description": "No equipment, no problem! This all-bodyweight workout from Barry's trainer Taylor Walker will tone your muscles and leave you dripping sweat! \r \r \r POPSUGAR Fitness offers fresh fitness tutorials, workouts, and exercises that will help you on your road to healthy living, weight loss, and stress relief. Check out Class FitSugar, our do-it-along-with-us real-time workout show hosted by Anna Renderer, who will inspire you to sweat alongside fitness experts and Hollywood\u2019s hottest celebrity trainers. Class FitSugar regularly covers the most buzzed-about workout classes and trends, including the Victoria's Secret workout, Tabata, P90X, the Bar Method, and more.\r \r Subscribe to POPSUGAR Fitness!\r https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=popsugartvfit\r \r Like us on Facebook!\r https://www.facebook.com/PopSugarFitness/\r \r Check us out on Instagram!\r https://www.instagram.com/popsugarfitness/\r \r Eat clean with POPSUGAR\r Get a full two-week clean-eating plan with our brand-new app! Seventy recipes for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, and treats, as well as simple shopping lists and more! Get the app here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/clean-eating-plan-and-recipes/id1262482098?mt=8\r \r Visit POPSUGAR!\r https://www.popsugar.com/fitness/30-minute-cardio-toning-bodyweight-workout-46867717", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "POPSUGAR Fitness", "chanenelID": "UCBINFWq52ShSgUFEoynfSwg", "subscribers": "6000000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 2097.0, "keyword": "body weight", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.07071067811865475}
{"id": "YDUVjz2nVUo", "title": "Understanding Cellulitis: Skin and Soft Tissue Infections", "views": "266265", "date_published": "2021-01-02", "description": "This video contains an explanation of skin and soft tissue infections, aimed at helping medical students and healthcare professionals prepare for exams.   See how I make these videos: https://youtu.be/0PzzCfptWHs  More written notes and diagrams about skin and soft tissue infections are available on the website at: https://zerotofinals.com/medicine/infectiousdisease/cellulitis/  Zero to Finals Medicine book: UK: https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/1091859892 US: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1091859892  Zero to Finals Paediatrics book: UK: https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/1080142827 US: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1080142827  Zero to Finals Obstetrics and Gynaecology book: UK: https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B08K4K2WQB US: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08K4K2WQB  Website: https://www.zerotofinals.com Notes: https://www.zerotofinals.com/learn Multiple Choice Questions: https://www.zerotofinals.com/test Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/zerotofinals/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/zerotofinals Twitter: https://twitter.com/zerotofinals  DISCLAIMER: This video is for education and entertainment only, and is not medical advice. This video should NOT be used for medical advice or to guide clinical practice. The Zero to Finals content should not be used in any way to guide medical decision making. Zero to Finals takes no responsibility for any actions taken or not taken based on the information provided. Local and national guidelines and senior clinicians are there to help you make decisions, not YouTube videos. If you need medical advice or information, seek it from an appropriately trained and licenced doctor or healthcare provider that can address your individual needs. Zero to Finals cannot guarantee the accuracy of information in this video. Please highlight any errors you notice in the comments below - thank you.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Zero To Finals", "chanenelID": "UCwZEjeak8ychtv2Unng5W2A", "subscribers": "411000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 326.0, "keyword": "cellulitis", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "jwGS75CnlOo", "title": "Cellulitis: Causes, Symptoms, Diagnosis, and Treatment | Merck Manual Consumer Version Quick Facts", "views": "179412", "date_published": "2019-10-18", "description": "Want to get the quick facts about cellulitis? Watch this video to learn about the causes, symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment. Click to learn more: https://www.merckmanuals.com/home/skin-disorders/bacterial-skin-infections/cellulitis  About The Merck Manuals:  First published in 1899 as a small reference book for physicians and pharmacists, The Merck Manual grew in size and scope to become one of the world's most widely used comprehensive medical resources for professionals and consumers. As The Manual evolved, it continually expanded the reach and depth of its offerings to reflect the mission of providing the best medical information to a wide cross-section of users, including medical professionals and students, veterinarians and veterinary students, and consumers.   \u2022 Merck Manual Consumer Version: http://www.MerckManuals.com/Home     \u2022 Facebook for Consumers: https://www.facebook.com/MerckManualHomeUS  \u2022 Twitter for Consumers: http://www.Twitter.com/MerckManualHome", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Merck Manuals", "chanenelID": "UCWWp8kQL3G4hcOo5G-mqjTg", "subscribers": "656000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 135.0, "keyword": "cellulitis", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.11547005383792514}
{"id": "szUf9ka9qHA", "title": "Cellulitis vs Erysipelas | Bacterial Causes, Risk Factors, Signs and Symptoms, Treatment", "views": "95229", "date_published": "2019-11-26", "description": "Lesson on cellulitis and erysipelas: similarities and differences, pathogenesis, signs and symptoms, diagnosis, treatment and Complications. Cellulitis and erysipelas are both skin infections caused by bacteria, particularly most commonly caused by streptococcus and staphylococcus bacteria. Cellulitis and erysipelas differ in the layer of skin that is infected or involved in the infection. Furthermore, systemic symptoms are typically more involved in the erysipelas as opposed to cellulitis and they both have different timings of onset.   In this lesson, we discuss the risk factors of getting cellulitis and erysipelas, how to make the diagnosis of these skin infections, what antibiotics we use to treat each of these infections, and some of the complications of having these infections. We also discuss a variety of atypical bacterial causes of cellulitis depending if a patient was exposed to freshwater, saltwater, hot tubs or if bitten by a human, animal or tick.  If you find this lesson helpful, please consider liking and subscribing for more lessons like this one!  JJ  Please help support this channel and future lessons by becoming a patron (and get some cool stuff) \u279c https://www.patreon.com/jjmedicine  *Subscribe for more free medical lessons* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA?sub_confirmation=1  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Try Audible and Get A Free Audiobook  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00NB86OYE/?_encoding=UTF8&ref_=sv_adbl_subnav_ref1_1  For books and more information on these topics  https://www.amazon.com/shop/jjmedicine  Check out the best tool to help grow your YouTube channel (it\u2019s helped me!) https://www.tubebuddy.com/jjmedicine  Follow me on Twitter! \u279c https://twitter.com/JJ_Medicine Come join me on Facebook! \u279c https://www.facebook.com/JJ-Medicine-100642648161192/  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Check out some of my other lessons.  Medical Terminology - The Basics - Lesson 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04Wh2E9oNug  Fatty Acid Synthesis Pathway: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuQS_LpNMzo  Wnt/B Catenin Signaling Pathway:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGVP4J9jpgs  Upper vs. Lower Motor Neuron Lesions: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itNd74V53ng  Lesson on the Purine Synthesis and Salvage Pathway: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2KFVvI8Akk  Gastrulation | Formation of Germ Layers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6Kkn0SECJ4  Introductory lesson on Autophagy (Macroautophagy): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmSVKzHc5yA  Infectious Disease Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW0Bkc6c66uDACkzotaK26b  Dermatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW3dgORRNmk_MZvnWpZx_lW  Pharmacology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWPWcV9lZTh-Qxv0gYakQXR  Hematology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwW8Ajo1dmxdj4EYEKcbtGju  Rheumatology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwWDvuhasXsuTFXJp05wwUle  Endocrinology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwUuRSzhploohnaWVvbVZ7ZP  Nephrology Playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRjNoiRtdFwXRSwrFQK5WwWZLk1Las8v8  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  **MEDICAL DISCLAIMER**: JJ Medicine does not provide medical advice, and the information available on this channel does not offer a diagnosis or advice regarding treatment. Information presented in these lessons is for educational purposes ONLY, and information presented here is not to be used as an alternative to a healthcare professional\u2019s diagnosis and treatment of any person/animal.   Only a physician or other licensed healthcare professional are able to determine the requirement for medical assistance to be given to a patient. Please seek the advice of your physician or other licensed healthcare provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition.   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  *Although I try my best to present accurate information, there may be mistakes in this video. If you do see any mistakes with information in this lesson, please comment and let me know.*  I am always looking for ways to improve my lessons! Please don't hesitate to leave me feedback and comments - all of your feedback is greatly appreciated! :) And please don't hesitate to send me any messages if you need any help - I will try my best to be here to help you guys :)  Thanks for watching! If you found this video helpful, please like and subscribe!  JJ", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "JJ Medicine", "chanenelID": "UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA", "subscribers": "621000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 612.0, "keyword": "cellulitis", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.06401843996644799}
{"id": "JAjZv41iUJU", "title": "Understanding Type 2 Diabetes", "views": "1475933", "date_published": "2014-06-09", "description": "Learn more at: http://www.AnimatedDiabetesPatient.com This animation describes insulin resistance, an underlying cause of type 2 diabetes. It explains the roles of glucose and the hormone insulin in our body. Symptoms of diabetes are reviewed and various health complications that type 2 diabetes can lead to if left untreated.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Animated Diabetes Patient", "chanenelID": "UCwO1iGHy7SRl3XDWwOMJR1g", "subscribers": "15700"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 226.0, "keyword": "Type 2 diabetes", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.21081851067789195}
{"id": "da1vvigy5tQ", "title": "Reversing Type 2 diabetes starts with ignoring the guidelines | Sarah Hallberg | TEDxPurdueU", "views": "9509893", "date_published": "2015-05-04", "description": "Can a person be \"cured\" of Type 2 Diabetes? Dr. Sarah Hallberg provides compelling evidence that it can, and the solution is simpler than you might think.  Dr. Sarah Hallberg is the Medical Director of the Medically Supervised Weight Loss Program at IU Health Arnett, a program she created. She is board certified in both obesity medicine and internal medicine and has a Master\u2019s Degree in Exercise Physiology. She has recently created what is only the second non-surgical weight loss rotation in the country for medical students. Her program has consistently exceeded national benchmarks for weight loss, and has been highly successful in reversing diabetes and other metabolic diseases. Dr. Hallberg is also the co-author of www.fitteru.us, a blog about health and wellness.\r \r B.S., Kinesiology & Exercise Science, Illinois State University, 1994\r \r M.S., Kinesiology & Exercise Science, Illinois State University, 1996\r \r M.D., Des Moines University, 2002  This talk was given at a TEDx event using the TED conference format but independently organized by a local community. Learn more at http://ted.com/tedx", "tags": ["TEDxTalks", "English", "United States", "Health", "Public health"], "comments": "i will always testify all the good things you have done for me and my family thank doc for helping me out am diabetes free.,,,,,,, what about fruit? whenever i remember the day i met dr. ikpoko i always feel happy cause he was able to cure my herpes virus with his herbal remedy so sorry to hear she passed away. highly inspired by her and others alike. i always prayed for a day like this to when i will be able to get rid of diabetes all thanks to dr gboya on youtube for making that happen what gets me is in 2022 or government and current administration is stair pushing frosted flakes over meat eggs and cheese claiming it's a healthy food and meat eggs and cheese will kill you yeah we have study after study after study now proving at least getting off the carbs u go keto mixed plant mixed meat or completely plant or completely meet you will reverse type two diabetes government is still telling us to eat freaking frosted flakes and calling it a thing i was recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and my physician said to stop eating carbs, period. that's very difficult. i have been raised on sweets and fried foods along with beans, potatoes and most vegetables. i've started eating mainly bacon, steak, a little bit of peanut butter and lots of eggs. now my sugar is normal. also i don't drink anything with sugar in it. all thanks to the only real herbalist in africa dr ogudugu on youtube channel eradicating herpes virus completely is it a little troubling that she died of cancer? crazy to believe that someone who studied metabolic health so deeply would have been able to cure herself? just asking questions. i thought my body would never be the same again, but you fixed it. my heartiest gratitude to you dr igudia for helping me cure my type 2 diabetes successfully i really do appreciate you dr igudia youtube,your commitment towards saving human lives is steadfast ,all the knowledge i got from you and,the help with the herbal meds, i was recently tested negative of type 2 diabetes,i'm so happy thanks doc i'm grateful to have come across you dr igudia youtube, i'm now free after i used the medicine you sent me, having type 2 diabetes almost ruined my life but i'm happy today after i used your treatment no audio salad before a meal is better than a meal with a salad? the usda food pyramid is the death of healthy americans.\ni sure would like to know who the \"genius\" was who came up with it. maybe someone from the us grains council. can someone tell me how this doctor passed away? she died of cancer. wfpb is the correct answer to reverse diabetes-not this low carb bs which will in fact cause early death via another route. i really appreciate your good work dr maco on youtube, thanks for curing my diabetes sickness. no more pains and sleepless night. i bless they day i meet you on youtube, you have been a blessing to me. thanks dr maco i was considering my next life being born in africa, with the herbal medications they produce, dr maco is likely my african doctor,when i thought diabetes is what i am going to live with for the rest of my life because this took me 26 years to figure out about a true cure. thank you so much dr maco for curing me today my h1b is 6.7. dr says u r prediabetic, then i came through this video, found she passed away, great lady, i'll try her diet plan from today hope it helps. rip this has been a challenging time, and i appreciate you so much dr igudia, you have created a life that i thought was lost, thank you so much for curing my type 2 diabetes just an update really i started at 14st. 4lbs today i hit my target i set of 12st 13lbs. my doctor is pretty much convinced i will have reversed my diabetes with my 19lb wieght lose. thank you at vita health and dr sarah for her inspiring video. it works!! if the world had more people like you, it would be a better place. you make a difference, dr igudia thank you for curing my type 2 diabetes and introducing your medical products to the worlds i was diagnosed with t2 in 2017. one of the websites that was recommended to me was of dr. sarah hallberg. they also recommended that i watch this video. this video appears many times on my youtube history. i've shown it to different people, and i've watched it over and over just for my benefit. recently, my morning blood glucose started to rise again after 5 years, so i revisited her website. i was shocked to learn that she had passed away. my condolences to dr. hallberg's family, friends, and colleagues. may she rip. come back sarah!! i'm pre. i'm going grain-free!! the ketogenic diet, by lyle mcdonald explained all of this almost a quarter of a century ago. still the best researched book on keto out there. omg she is a saint and i respect her for what she did, in a month i lost so much qeight and my blood sugar went down from 250 to 100 in just 2 weeks.\nnot only i exercise but i stopped eating all the carbs and fast for 12 hours and it's all thanks to her, plus drinking water then diet stuff and stopped drinking alcohol on general my specialist thinks i had diabetus for 5 to 10 years without symptoms (yes without symptoms) because my blood sugar was so high as well as other evidence when i got diagnosed. people eat curbs to fill their stomach. excessive meat consumption also causes carcinogenic problems. it is very difficult to balance it. my uncle got his diabetes under control by simply avoiding one thing: high fructose corn syrup. he went from having a blood sugar of 250 on average while taking 1000mg of metformin to a average of 115 while taking 500mg metformin. he didnt cut carbs at all. i barely eat any carbs because of a grain allergy but my sugar is still about 120. i have insulin resistance and take no medication. i'm just happy my uncle will be going off majority of his medication soon because its costly and hes been a diabetic for over a decade thank god i'm free at last,im sure i'm not the only one who has used some of dr osaye herbal medications ,with his herbal cure for diabetes and many other sicknesses he has really saved a lot,and i'm happy that the health of people around world is getting safer with herb's. my health guru sarah gave so much service to us. gratitude to god for her presence & wisdom here on this physical plane. darling sarah, we love you still because you are only \"behind the veil\" & your wisdom is continuing to be & shall be shared 4evah. hsv illness can be cured naturally, i was a former sufferer but i succeeded to get rid of it with natural remedies. i highly recommend dr. ikpoko on youtube for herpes and other deceases complete treatment. there are prejudices accepted besides obesity. one of them is prejudice against dumfuctedness. another is being white. thanks for the nice presentation,\ngratitude for the amazing woman who will always be... here's the cause of diabetes in most - my 90 day supply of pills is $2000. just think, 120 million people needing them, why the pharmaceutical companies will make a fortune, right? my heart beats for joy whenever i remember how i thought to live with diabetes for my whole life, and didn't stop searching for a cure, i just contacted dr osaye and he gave me some herbalist advice and gave me a herbal concussion , and i didn't think it would help but weeks after weeks i saw changes,went for a test and i came out negative for my diabetes ,i will have to say thank you doc sometimes you never just know who your helpers might be,dr osaye was a friend to my late father,we never related too well until he found out about my liver cancer and immediately told me how to get rid of the virus through some of his herbal products,i'm shocked that i and every other person who knows about his products and used it got positive results\nit's really a miracle finally i'm free from my cancer,by just using the herbal medication of which dr osaye recommended and i ordered ,but some time after i got tested negative and my heart is full of joy i'm so grateful doctor i am sorry to hear of her passing may her family and colleagues bear her torch. what a brave woman to go against the system and tell the truth. so she was promoting keto diet. the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his natural herbs medication in curing my type 2 diabetes completely such a loss for the future.\nso glad she had time to point out what would be obvious if doctors looked for it.\nto have it pointed out that the rda for carbs is zero is astounding... if the world had more people like you, it would be a better place. you make a difference, dr igudia thank you for curing my type 2 diabetes and introducing your medical products to the worlds. let's not forget insulin is a thrity billion dollar a year industry. cure people or make tons of money? what do you think they would choose? greed. thank you for getting the real information out there! it was a blessing to have met with you dr igudia, you have brought up a huge smile on my face and it's gonna be permanent, because i never thought i would ever be cured of my type 2 diabetes,all i could say now is thank you dr her death doesn't make any sense... god only knows what on earth these pharmakia demon doctors put on her before and during her treatment. only hope she accepted jesus in her lifetime. if so, i would like to get to know her as a sister in christ when the lord calls me. great health legacy and a true health martyr. let's all pray for all the doctors who are literally saving lives by promoting low-carbs diets and fasting and exposing the dangers of sugar. natural roots and herbs remedy you can actually get back to your normal healthy life and get cured completely with no side effects from dr ogudugu on youtube being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. thank you dr igudia on youtube for all you do, just got my test result today and am now type 2 diabetes negative. i will keep letting the world know about your good work sir rip sarah alot of talk, but never said the what, how, when, of what to do! oh, come to my clinic, then i will tell you how to cure it! .... sooooo this is just an infomercial for her clinic! doctor atkins was a god when it came to beating type 2 diabetes. he saved my life two times. he has saved many peoples lives. i follow his book \"doctor atkins new diet revolution\".\nhis diet has now been proven scientifically as of a few years ago. i lost 55 pounds in two months and my blood sugar average is from 4.7 to 5.2. sarah hallberg is also correct. she's very good. rip. you will be missed. she didn't mention having less sugar? and what about unrefined carbs with low sugar? what are the signs of diabetes in a woman? your genuine contribution toward healing the sick shows you have a good heart and we are greatful for all you do dr gboya on youtube . your genuine contribution toward healing the sick shows you have a good heart and we are greatful for all you do dr gboya on youtube . she is no more now. very sad . . . great sole i think it's the msg in the chinese food frankly you have my maximum respect dr igudia, i am now negative from type 2 diabetes after i did the test, i wonder what might have become of me it i didn't get the herbal cure from your youtube channel. god bless you sir. i'm 27 and likely a type 2 diabetic. both of my parents are type 2 diabetics so i figured one day i would get it. i didn't expect to get gestational diabetes at 27 because i was still \"young\"\ni'm going to cut out most carbs and stick to a mediterranean diet because i refuse to be sick for the rest of my life. i refuse to be sick forever or take meds to the day i die.\ni was always confused about how much carbs i was instructed to eat when pregnant and cut them in half to 20 opposed to 40grams and my nurses kept stressing that i needed to eat more carbs. i didn't. my baby had normal levels thank god!\ni'm sick of hearing it's not reversible. i refuse to believe it. so sad to see that she is not with us anymore. the statement right at the beginning that doctors blame the patients. i get that all the time. i have had lupus most of my life and when my blood work goes crazy i get drink more water don't drink alcohol excersise. when i'm doing all of these things they still blame me. i am fed up with doctors. what date was this video done how long before she died? i was recently diagnosed with type 2, found this talk. lowered my a1c to 6.2 no drugs. rip, thank you dr halberg the american medical association is in special interest with the food industries. sugary foods and carbs sell better. i got diabetes after covid thank you, dr. sarah hallberg, i learned a lot and that video was inspiring. did you know. genetic studies, early type 2 diabetes is another mutation from inbreeding. dr ogoh on youtube thought me that is all about patients and the right person, may god continue to bless you sir for the permanent cure i received from dr ogoh.. my heart just keeps thanking you and thanking you dr igudia for all you have done for me, you gave me your words that you could heal any sickness or disease, thank you for permanently curing me of my type 2 diabetes you are amazing. thank you for being the dedicated, thoughtful, and compassionate doctor that you are, you are more honest than i imagined, thank you so much dr igudia youtube channel for curing my diabetes, you are amazing in the moslim religion there is a saying from prophet mohamed saying : we are a people that we do not eat until we get hungry , and when we eat we do not undulge and get full ... remember to put your health first i know we all do make mistake that's why no one is perfect but thanks to dr oseghale sunday herbal home because he freed me from the torment of hsv 1 /2, i was diagnosed for about 16years and when i got his herbal medicine i was cured after fourteen days.! i'm absolutely amazed by the way variety of herbal doctors could be able to put up a permanent cure for herpes,which we think is always permanent in the body, and i'm using this medium to say a massive thank you to dr osaye for helping me cure my diabetes with his magical herbal medication thanks for everything doc my appetite goes out of control when my stomach/digestive system is low on probiotics and prebiotics. you're good and an alert talker. congrats it was a blessing to have met with you dr igudia, you have brought up a huge smile on my face and it's gonna be permanent, because i never thought i would ever be cured of my type 2 diabetes,all i could say now is thank you dr i was considering my next life being born in africa,with the herbal medications they produce,dr osaye is most likely my african doctor,when i thought diabetes is what i am going to live with for the rest of my life because this took me 22 years to figure out about the cure,thank you so much dr osaye for your medication you're a life saver this has been a challenging time, i appreciate you so much dr igho , because you restored back my health, with your herbal medication i got from your youtube channel, thank you so much for curing my type 2 diabetes, you are a godsent wonderful experience with dr oiwoh herbal home on youtube he's an amazing doc and the medication was totally helpful to my illness i boldly recommend him to y'all wonderful experience with dr oiwoh herbal home on youtube he's an amazing doc and the medication was totally helpful to my illness i boldly recommend him to y'all i appreciate your determination in showing me i can be healed from the type 2 diabetes, thanking you for your perseverance, support, and love, thank you dr igudia, youtube for being the wonderful dr that you are i thought my body would never be the same again, but you fixed it. my heartiest gratitude to you dr igudia for helping me cure my type 2 diabetes disease successfully the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his natural herbs medication in curing my type 2 diabetes completely. let's give gratitude for all good things expecially the ones that helped us i thank dr osaye who got to introduce his herbal medications to the world,no man's answer is the truth else you hear from the horses mouth,dr osaye gave me his words and didn't fail none of them thank god i'm finally cured of the hsv virus,honestly i was scared to live with it for the rest of my life but i overcame with the help\nof his herbs fugg'n 18 min. to say;\namericans eat too much.. it's all about the lead up dr ogoco herbs really appreciate all of his good customers to be testify against his strong natural herb's this has been a challenging time, and i appreciate you so much dr igudia, you have created a life that i thought was lost, thank you so much for curing my type 2 diabetes she is brilliant but she should not have said that obesity, even when caused by over-consuming carbs, is not a character issue. it certainly is because it is a self-discipline issue. rip i was considering my next life being born in africa,with the herbal medications they produce,dr osaye is most likely my african doctor,when i thought diabetes is what i am going to live with for the rest of my life because this took me 22 years to figure out about a true cure,thank you so much dr osaye for your medication you're a life saver let's give gratitude for all good things expecially the ones that helped us i thank dr osaye who got to introduce his herbal medications to the world,no man's answer is the truth else you hear from the horses mouth,dr osaye gave me his words and didn't fail none of them thank god i'm finally cured of my diabetes,honestly i was scared to live with it for the rest of my life but i overcame with the help\nof his herbs thanks dr. sarah for sharing your life-time work. rest in peace. you did your karma good. thank you for being the dedicated, thoughtful, and compassionate doctor that you are, you are more honest than i imagined, thank you so much dr igudia youtube channel for curing my type 2 diabetes , you are amazing i still can't stop thanking and recommending dretiko on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel my condolences to her family and may she rest-in-peace. may her soul rest in perfect peace! my heart just keeps thanking you and thanking you dr igudia for all you have done for me, you gave me your words that you could heal any sickness or disease, thank you for permanently curing me of my type 2 diabetes you are amazing. i love it. \"no gps.\" eliminating processed foods is a dietary change that is helping me to reduce my risk of heart disease. good article! uh oh, don't tell this to vegans. as a kid i was forced to eat things that u would throw or just couldn't swallow- i have had a sweet tooth all my life can't drink without sugar this tedx talk came up on my fb as a 6 years ago memory today so i watched it again. dr. sarah hallberg was so full of energy, life and knowledge. i am reposting this tedx talk with her today so that many of my friends can learn about the demon (carbs) and that diabetes can be reversed.\nfrom reading some comments in youtube, i learned she had recently passed march 28, 2022 of lung cancer, even though she was not a smoker. god love her <3 thank you for sharing your knowledge about type 2 diabetes with the world.\nmay you rest in paradise <3 <3 <3 stoping type 1 is a good thing now that dretiko have the finally cure for any types of disease.. i'm so glad i discovered this video, and so shocked to hear of her passing. so sad. stoping type 1 is a good thing now that dretiko have the finally cure for any types of disease.. i almost gave up cause i had hsv2 but didn't have any symptoms until i was tested during pregnancy, after being recommended to dretiko i got clean within 16 days of using his herbal treatment. i almost gave up cause i had hsv2 but didn't have any symptoms until i was tested during pregnancy, after being recommended to dretiko i got clean within 16 days of using his herbal treatment. am so happy to say this here that i am now type 1 free with the help of dretiko who i discover his youtube channel last month.. am so happy to say this here that i am now type 1 free with the help of dretiko who i discover his youtube channel last month.. i thought my body would never be the same again, but you fixed it. my heartiest gratitude to you dr igudia for helping me cure my type 2 diabetes successfully and the best part: the mass murderers called doctors will never get on trial. it makes me so mad. i've spent thousands of $s in school, a huge chunk of my life, to learn all about lies!!! stoping type 1 is a good thing now that dretiko have the finally cure for any types of disease.. dr gboya have done a wonderful thin in my life and am great full i am tested negative all thanks to him dr gboya have done a wonderful thin in my life and am great full i am tested negative all thanks to him rip dr sarah, this is excellent information and will live on forever with your help. i lost so much weight doing keto, i always heard it wasn't sustainable, and i know i'm going to be eating more carbs again at some point, but the more i learn about this stuff, the more i start to wonder how i was letting myself eat so badly all the time in the first place, especially when you can bake your own sweets with almond and coconut and flax flower. currently growing potatoes, and i still love them, but it long ago stopped being a staple in my dinner\nalso, i'm not diabetic, but if i found out it could actually be reversed or mostly taken care of with diet alone after living with it for 20 years, or worse, getting an amputation, i would want to find and rip the head off the guy who came up with the food pyramid. jesus i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease completely with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. i have been told once you have diabetes you always do. also, you need carbs. it is your energy. last, depends on the kinds of fats. there are two main types of diabetes. type 1 and type 2. type 1 you cannot get rid of. type 2 you can get rid of. when dr sarah asked, \"think back to the last time you had an american chinese meal\" ... my answer was \"years, maybe over a decade.\" i do eat chinese food, but not the american version of carb coated deep fried meat and vegetables in a sweetened sauce, with a big bowl of rice.\ni started eating low carb after doing about 30 minutes of research in 2009, when my a1c was just barely diabetic. i cut way down on carbs, lost 15 lbs in 6 weeks without changing anything else, and got my blood glucose down. this method works! my gratitude goes to dr igudia on youtube who assured me that his natural herbs supplements cures diabetes permanently and after using his herbs supplements that was the end of my diabetes spot on! thank you for speaking the truth! stoping type 1 is a good thing now that dretiko have the finally cure for any types of disease chromium manganese stoping type 1 is a good thing now that dretiko have the finally cure for any types of disease thank you hello everyone, i'm here to share my great testimony on how i got cured of my diabetes with the natural herbal medication i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel im so sad i feel like crying finding out, rip omg thank you dr. hallberg, dr. sarah, we will truly miss you. you were a pioneer in introducing a new health paradigm to the general public. going against the grain and telling people to do the opposite of the official guidelines in order to get healthy takes guts. millions of people are better off as a result of your efforts. your legacy will endure. im sure of it! excellent video! excellent talk! very inspiring for me. this is the clearest description i have heard or read! i also have ibs and i am on the fodmap viet and it is helping but it will makecutting down the carbs harder i think so greatly explained!!! any connection with purdue pharma? my appreciation goes to dr igudia on youtube for helping me with his natural herbs supplements which i used in curing my type 2 diabetes disease completely the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his natural herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease completely disease is a big business in america. it is the poisonous pesticides in vegetables and fruit, the antibiotics and steroids in meats, mercury in fish, and the consumption of processed sugar that is causing obvious problems in society. even doctors who used to admit to having no education about nutrition, now suddenly are experts on the subject. instead of addressing these obvious problems causing poor health, they fight each other on what to limit in your diet. prohibiting what should normally be healthy foods. what a sick joke. all thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i ordered from him and that was the end of my diabetes after using the medication for just three weeks. grande grazie molte x onesta e sincerita i want to personally take time out to appreciate dr igudia on his youtube channel for the herbs medication i ordered from him in curing my type 2 diabetes completely within just three weeks of using his natural herbs supplements really appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his herbs medication which i got from him and i can eat all kinds of food after using his herbs. soooo sad when a friend, with whom i shared this video, told me she died.\nwhat a blessing to so many in her short life!\ni pray for her husband and children. 2022, is 7 years latter. was she right ??? my type 2 diabetes came to an end after using the natural herbs medication which i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel. the herbs medication was indeed very effective and helpful. can someone please explain to me why these comments appear on the ted talk of dr. sarah hallberg (who sadly, passed away a few months ago). i'd never heard of dr. igudia before, and came here to view dr. hallberg's ted talk on diabetes.\nif you wouldn't mind explaining all these comments on dr. igudia (instead of dr. hallberg) i'd appreciate it. thanks very much! stop believing what the doctors says that there's no cure for diabetes, i was recently cured of my type 2 diabetes disease with the herbs medication i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel i suffered from type 2 diabetes disease for over 9 years before i saw a lot of testimonies from different people here on youtube about dr igudia on youtube who cured their type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication and i also contacted dr igudia his natural herbs medication are indeed the best treatment and cure to diabetes thank you for this video, i just read that she pass away, that is so sad for many of us, she was one of the dr. that feel so proud of her work and really help people no just take they_$$$ or her paycheck.\nmay god bless her soul.\nhopefully the remaining drs. like her\ndon't mystery get sick or suddenly die. wow. excellent talk. no sure what i would do without todays online resources because what we were taught as kids was not correct. the exercise part was good but food advice was very wrong decades ago. my gratitude goes to dr igudia on youtube who assured me that his natural herbs supplements cures diabetes permanently and after using his herbs supplements that was the end of my diabetes the political dryer frustratingly measure because breakfast intriguingly overflow onto a well-made swiss. freezing, bawdy humidity good bye, special flower sarah,\nyou will be missed, i'm sure you have touched millions, you are the first dr who made sense about diabetes.\nthank you for giving the universe everything you had, your strength, perseverance ,empathy and your brains to figure this out.\nyour name will go on in the history books!!!\npleas everyone reading this pass it on to everyone you know, it's not only helping diabetes, it's helping everyone who has struggled to loose weight!!!! blessings lovely lady ,m the ada exists for one reason to make dr's more money ! hello to everyone who suffers from type 2 diabetes disease, i encourage you all to use dr igudia on youtube natural herbs supplements because i have used the herbs supplements and it cures my type 2 diabetes disease completely she was medical director of virta health which is one of the scammer health companies which promotes low carb diet. high carb diet is the best diet for humans. my goodness, how does someone who looks like the picture of health die of lung cancer? :( oh that is so very tragic. i'm recently diagnosed pre diabetic, i want to try keto but is it safe with high cholesterol and hormones imbalance... kindly guide me if anyone managed to lower cholesterol too with keto i wonder if this lady has ever heard of bicycles. ride bikes 8 hours per week (with a long, 3-4 hours, ride on the weekend) and check back 4 months later. it does not matter what you eat, your insuline resistance will improve. the rockefellers are satanic demons rockafellers caused this disease by design it feeds big pharma meeting dr igudia youtube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication in curing my type 2 diabetes permanently my gratitude goes to dr igudia on youtube who assured me that his natural herbs supplements cures type 2 diabetes disease permanently and after using his herbs supplements that was the end of my type 2 diabetes all the organizations are fraudulent, and based on psuedo- scientific quackery. never listen to the american diabetes association, the american heart association, the american cancer society, etc., etc., etc. total fraud aimed at killing us all!!! when you are ready i will release to you the entire cause and solution for diabetes, i can show you the proof from the cdc, in this video you completely missed this information as does everyone else, all this information discussed here is off in the weeds! ...forget the weeds and let me show you the roots in their entirety to terminatedly resolve diabetes without all these micro nuance distractions!\nwhat i will show you will terrify you and bring to you at the very same time permanent closure to this matter!\nunfortunately however it will cause a fracturing of the world as we know it! ...as once you know this information there is no going back!\ni will need to remain completely anonymous! ...as important as it may seem that a solution for diabetes would be! ...i have far greater matters that will need my attention. dont forget the ...false christ comes first.... the world has never seen something so frightening as this ...understand rest in peace doctor sarah hallberg .\nyoung life taken too soon.\nyour legacy will last.\nsuch a informative talk. i always loose weight when i'm away from home working. i only eat when i'm hungry. not 3x a day. i surfer diabetes for years until i saw herbs from dr emuakhe as an obese person, i can tell you for a fact that this woman is wrong. obesity is definitely due to a lack of character. the tender tense bush successively slap because shake usually tease pro a abashed color. stale, imperfect whistle this is all well and good but you say absolutely nothing about how to curb the extream cravings for suger. talking about a diet and following one are 2 completely 180 degree, diametrically opposite things. when i talk to my doctor about this, she already give me this same advice. when she lists all of the things that i cannot eat, all i hear is, \"don't eat anything that you like or tastes good\". this reads as extremely fatphobic i want to personally take time out to appreciate dr igudia on his youtube channel for the herbs medication i ordered from him in curing my diabetes disease completely within just three weeks of using his natural herbs supplements aka keto but keto is expensive i would love for her to make another ted talk episode my type 2 diabetes came to an end after using the natural herbs medication which i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel. the herbs medication was indeed very effective and helpful. can't lie i was recently in tears,tears of joy when i tested i didn't have hemorrhoids anymore with the help of herbal's from dr osaye and i didn't know what to think of if it's really true that the virus has no cure or only certain people found it haha thank you for stating the obvious! to everyone. the only way most will admit their wrong is when their dead. i'm coveting her trousers! 17:19 - 17:25 rest in peace, dr. hallberg. this info is spot on and so good. rest in peace dr sarah. and thank you what a loss. i can't help but wonder if her lung cancer was one of the side-effects of the jab. those cancer rates in non-smoking women are rising. such a loss. thank you for the info. just found this video after finding out i had pre diabetes now i'm seeing she past away wow crazy i found this video of dr. halberg's just a few weeks ago by viewing a tutorial for the freestyle libre application.\ni prayed to the lord asking him to help me help myself, that i definitely did not want to be a diabetic nor be on insulin dependency! my husband recently became a diabetic and was put on insulin\nafter listening to this video which was no coincidence, my husband is now off of the insulin after putting this advice to work in changing our way of eating habits! i thank god for leading me on finding this video, and for all dr. sarah halberg has done to help save lives very sad to hear of her passing, my condolences to her family and friends on this wonderful woman!\nrebecca lakewood, wa interesting, despite knowing 3 neurologists and surgeons, in those days i used to run a 50-60k a week.10k in 35mins 1995, job head chef 600-800pax a day.\n20years later i was told i was epileptic, after a nervous breakdown, sodium valporate, 300 then 600 went from 65kgs to 115kgs in less then 6 months.\nforgone conclusion, diabetic ii and need glasses.\nexecise they said with copd.\nnot sure which is easier, unseating a judge or sueing a doctor\nr.i.p. sarah.\nr.i.p. sarah. i really want to take this time out in thanking dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him few months ago and i can tell you that the natural herbs medication works perfectly well in curing diabetes disease completely let me take this time to appreciate dr igudia on youtube who i came across through a friend of mine who told me about his natural herbs supplements which cured her diabetes disease completely and i also ordered the herbs medication which cured my diabetes disease completely dr sarah was one of those who gave me hope when i got my diagnosis of type2 diabetes. i was diagnosed with an a1c of 10.5. amidst all doom and gloom, watching this very video of her not just gave me hope to live and survive but also a plan of action to get to a better happier healthier place. this is something my own physician could not do :).\ntoday 5 years down the line, a low carb lifestyle that maam prescribed enables me to live a \"normal\" , medication free , insulin free life. i have had my a1c in the normal range six months after my diagnosis till now.\nmaam i want yo say this to you and i hope u can hear me - i never had the chance to meet you. i have a lot of respect and gratitude for you and your contribution to the medical field. i feel deep love for you. i came to know about your sad demise and your long struggle with cancer recently. i am sorry to hear that. i feel a deep sense of loss with your passing. you will always have a special place in my heart. thank you for all that you did for me and your patients.\nmy deepest heartfelt condolence to dr sarahs family. i hope the lord gives you the courage and strength to cope. my thoughts and prayers will be with you.\nmay your soul rest in peace dr sarah. long live the dead! not all hero's wear capes!!!! nicado avacado has entered the chat. 9.3 million views and counting! lets make this video even more viral!\nrip dr sarah hallberg <3 all this true revolution is thanks to canadian dr. fung. he is the one who *bravely* started telling the truth and opening our eyes. he's one of the most important figures that has come out recently in science. i wish all doctors would take the word \"diabetes\" away when the patient no longer has it. being great full to dr osaye from all time till all time i hope you find what your heart desires just as you have put a smile on many of our face with just your hands and herbal's\nmore grace to you work doctor thanks so much for the medication,it did fight the diabetes and nailed it i have only made one promise to dr osaye, and that's when i promised to make my faith stronger, and have the guts that i will be healed, and i still don't know how his herbs do it but i was recently tested negative for herpes and since then i've always had hope and never doubted\nthanks doctor rip sarah. thankfully you were there to inspire many other doctors and other people who fight against the narrative. earth angel peace and love!!! is that why the killed 10,000 cows one minute into this video, i can tell she is full of sh-t; she needs a bowel movement and to shut up and to stop overreacting with her arms and hands if many people that have been diagnosed with the herpes virus actually know the wonders herbalist doctor kingsley's herbal medicine performs, i don't think they would still be suffering from the herpes virus. i'm also glad to have contacted herbalist doctor kingsley on youtube. i'm cured of hsv 1&2. i'm so happy. all thanks and gratitude to dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him. his herbs medication are indeed very effective and cures diabetes disease permanently. my husband was able to cure his type 2 diabetic permanently with the natural herbs supplements we ordered from dr igudia on youtube and i encourage you all to try his natural herbs supplements ...cutting carbs and bringing in fats such as the keto diet, how then do we deal with doctors screaming at us for the high cholesterol count? dr gboya on youtube channel is a legend out of herbs he got a cure thanks for curing me doc.keep up the good work.... dr gboya on youtube channel is a legend out of herbs he got a cure thanks for curing me doc.keep up the good work.... thank you for sharing this. it's just what i needed to hear to continue on my low carb journey. i've had type 2 diabetes for 12 years. dr igudia on youtube my daughter was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. she was very sick when she finally got diagnosed. she is on bydureon and more. can she get better and get off the prescription drugs? dr igudia on youtube one unmentioned fact... not all carbs are the same. complex carbs aren't as much bad as pure sugar or processed carbs. hello everyone, i want to recommend dr igudia on youtube who cured my type two diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i got from him after a friend told me about his natural herbs supplements that cured her diabetes this woman and this video made a huge difference in my life! i went from a \"low carb\" diet to a no carb diet. i did this to reduce my use of insulin, since it was expensive. very slowly and methodically, taking several blood glucose readings a day, and with regular visits and consultations with my doctor, i reduced my daily insulin usage from 55 units to less than 10 over a period of about 9 months. blood sugar, a1c and other regular lab test were good. the a1c is just at the levei considered to be \"pre-diabetic\" (5.9). i also lost weight, though that was not my goal. i went from 250 lbs to 195 lbs. i feel good, and am not lethargic and have saved the money for insulin. i have tried not using any type 2 diabetes drugs at all, but my bs would rise, so my doctor has prescribed pioglitazone / metformin which controls the remaining elevated bs to 110-120. after i reach 190 lbs, i will slowly start to do moderate exercises, to see if i can eliminate the diabetes and any pills. i'm a 72 year old man.\nthank you dr. sarah hallberg! i was so lucky to find this video. i am so sorry that she has passed away. she should have won a nobel prize! why do i keep discovering amazing people after they have passed away i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease within just three weeks of taking his herbs supplements which he sent to me all thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i ordered from him and that was the end of my diabetes after using the medication for just three weeks. i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetic with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. i don't really know how to thank you dr oluta on youtube for making me to live like my fellow mates and for curing me from diabetes. thank you so much,god will always strengthen you and your family. being great full to dr osaye from all time till all time i hope you find what your heart desires just as you have put a smile on many of our face with just your hands and herbal's\nmore grace to you work doctor thanks so much for the medication,it did fight the diabetes and nailed it i have only made one promise to dr osaye, and that's when i promised to make my faith stronger, and have the guts that i will be healed, and i still don't know how his herbs do it but i was recently tested negative for diabetes and since then i've always had hope and never doubted\nthanks doctor carbohydrates are the only macronutrient that is entirely unnecessary. think about it. omgoodness!! so sad she's gone. i didn't know that. this lecture is brilliant, groundbreaking and straight to the point. not one word was out of place or unnecessary to getting her message across. she seemed so full of verve and it is obvious that she knew and applied the solution to the obesity epidemic which plagues the western world, (as does dr. ekberg) and was keen to share it with the world. i am extremely grateful that we have brave souls, such as these, that are willing to risk going against the vested interests and their dangerous false advice. she will, i am sure, be hugely missed by everyone she knew and treated. her passing is a huge loss to the world. rip in heaven. dr. sarah. sarah is forgetting one thing - people she sees are those who reach out for help - who actually care about their health and weight - have tried various diets - so they aren't necessarily the norm. what is closer to normal is millions who don't give damn - don't reach out - don't want help no matter how obese they are. i know people like that - one in particular never saw a dr b/c she simply didn't want to hear about how lazy she was or how grossly over-weight - looked 20 years older than she was - had diabetes, went blind, had no intention of ever changing no matter what a dr said, so why bother. what might change things is for people to actually start caring. so if we type 2's are carbohydrate intollerant, can someone please tell me how am i supposed to fuel my body for long runs? even a doctor can't give me the answer. if fuel can't get into my cells, am i screwed for the endurance sports i've loved all my life (and still somehow got type 2)??? this is true at the american cancer society the american lung association and any other society association or corporation that has been paying its ceo's, it's board and it's chosen private marketing companies 10x's what they are giving to those effected or legit scientific research measures many times if you see either the shopping cart of somebody obese - or - can see them in, say, a restaurant and what they order - about 9 times out of 8 - it all makes a great deal of sense - loaded with the most decadent, most calorie-filled, sugar-filled things you can possibly imagine. seldom do you see somebody skinny with all kinds of unhealthy choices and vice versa. i really have very little - or no - respect for them, most are in denial, many outright lie. i've seen that 600-lb show and some people i've seen in person are every bit that heavy. most people might be surprised how much sugar is normal for a day - 40 grams. just one 20 oz soda has about twice that. that and a candy bar and it's 100 grams before you even have a meal yet. doesn't help matters any that sizes have slowly gotten larger over the years. the original mcdonalds hamburger, for example, was 1/10 lb. now, they are gigantic - mcdonalds is minor compared to some that must be 1500 calories or better. all sizes and portions have gotten larger, but there is one place they can't control - home. i really want to reverse my type 2 diabetes so much i have had it for 8 years! but i'm a vegan is it possible? dr. adkins figgured this out a very long time ago. problem today is accurate carb counting \"they often hide accurate carb levels, and sugars=carbs as well\", and the cost of \"actual food\". very interesting! i wish i could get some of my diabetic friends on board with this.. their world revolves around food, especially carbs!! i know some people that went onto them keto diet (which this sounds like to me) and now look & feel better then they have in many years. it was a permanent lifestyle change for them & from what i've seen, a good one! really appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his herbs medication which i got from him and i can eat all kinds of food after using his herbs medication well then why aren\"t all the chinese diabetic?? i only know one obese person - my sister. i've seen how she lives, heard her excuses, and so on and so forth. she makes no effort at all to take care of herself, is diabetic but never ever checks her sugar levels. i'm diabetic too but constantly monitor my sugar levels, watch my diet, etc. she's used the same sorry excuses for years on end why she claims she can't lose weight -- so she doesn't even bother trying. it'd be one thing if she tried, went on keto, or even cut down at all, but she doesn't. she eats like a regular glutton. it takes somebody who sees it first-hand - not somebody who sees them every once in awhile like in a clinic. if you say anything to her about it, she lashes out at you in anger. i've seen others do that too - very angry, very defensive, very bitter - people i've known who were 300-lbs plus. for awhile, we lived together and she would have 80 to 100% of the cakes, pies, sweets that either of us brought into the house, she always had seconds or thirds. i refused to eat with her - it pains me to see somebody so grossly overweight - 300 lbs or better - eat as much as she does, besides our diets are totally incompatible, so we ate separately. those stereotypes about them being lazy, don't care, don't even try are absolutely true. the drug industry is behind this misinformation thank you for sharing i enjoyed this speech very much. but i'm guessing the pharmaceutical industry did not. my husband was able to cure his type 2 diabetes permanently with the natural herbs supplements we ordered from dr igudia on youtube and i encourage you all to try his natural herbs supplements for over 10 years i was on diabetic medication. i did control my sugar intake but did not know that carbo plays a part. when i learned of this, i began to control my carbo intake. i took a step further by reducing my overall food intake. to my surprise my sugar reading went down. i began to start reducing my medication. today i am free from diabetes and free from medication. all i did was to reduce my intake of sugar, carbo and food. dr.sarah helped me with this talk , to attack and reverse my type 2 diabetes. my gp had refused to help me because it was \" not in their practice guidelines \". thank you sarah, rip. i've pretty much cured my t2d by exercise, diet, weight loss, and the worst part, no alcohol. if you cant eat grains or potatoes what carbs are left? why dont many people in asia and africa have this \"'hormonal disease\" avoid flours of all types unless you need to handle a craving. all if them are heavily processed and most of the time the finished product/baked good is still high in carbohydrates. i like this lady, she has pure energy i recommend only dr igudia on his youtube channel for diabetes cure and treatment because i have used his herbs products and it cures my type 2 diabetics completely yeahp, that's what i did, i just ignored the ''experts guidelines'' and started listening people just like dr. hallberg. thank you for the great work you\ndid for all of us...!!! does she recommend a recipe book that inlcudes the meats? i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes within just three weeks of taking his herbs supplements which he sent to me lol okay bullsh@t lies , poor countries don't have the same problems.i know lots of asians that eat a lot of rice no diabetes no obesity. lots of italians eat pasta . portion size good food and moving , lies about it won't help. i would venture to guess that one thing that helps those you mention is that they might not be snacking between meals which allows the insulin level to fall. snacking, grazing all day or many small meals a day keeps the insulin level elevated. i knew the gov. cant do nothing right this is another example of that living life to the fullest option was all i ever wanted thank you dr gboya for making that come through he gave me hope when i was lost all thanks to him lolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll the herbal remedy i ordered from dr ogudugu on youtube was indeed helpful, i finally got rid of the contagious herpes virus that nearly ruined my marriage after having to deal with multiples of outbreaks just under 3 days that our family doctor confirmed i am positive thank you! this is so true! the first time i met my doctor the test showed my glucose was over 14 & right way he wanted to put me on insulin, i said no, i would take med's instead, i took diabetic meds & was sick everyday with painful stomach aches. i decided to stop taking the meds, brought a bike & started walking 3-4 miles a day. i bike 2 days a week & walk 3 days a week & my glucose has gone down to 5.5! my doctor is so proud that the medicines has cured me & actually i haven't told him that i quit taking them. but i will soon. wow \"i loved your honesty\". we need more dr's like you in the world not just america. food is the factor!!! interesting way too much talking & repitition! edit it way down! please! and the keto folks got it right saved my life. i had to research it myself more than a decade ago. now my doctor friends that thought it was nonsense back then, are on the same diet. a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube for helping me getting rid off my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel great video! love it! yet again and huge experiment and conflict of interest.\nstop using medicine to treat poor nutrition dr. sarah - you will be missed . this is nonsense. oh do enlighten us, james. loved her video motivation and knowledge about diabetes, god bless her on her journey home and my condolences to her family it seems that it a big secret not to help people with so many health problems i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective and cures diabetes completely. there is no conspiracy. i rather have you healthy and out of my icu because you can't put the bag of cheetos down. i don't understand how this is news to some people. eat healthy and exercise and you will feel better? no way?! yes, way. i am saddened to hear of her passing=marvelous detailed info= and spot on. medicine is designed to perpetuate itself. if we helped patients reverse a disease, we lose business. so instead, we teach them the very things that will make them dependent on pharma and medical care. it is the same with big food. also with the weight loss industry. it was just the same with tobacco industry. keeping people dependent sustains the industry. it is amazing when looking at food from supermarket with little to no carbs .....there is very little foods off the shelf with low carbs... the governments need to step in. government is not the caring knowledgeable parent you think it is, the government should, the government should... if you belief government gives a damn about you are your childrens wellbeing. it's as if she's talking to kindergarteners rest in peace no offence intended. but how healthy could her way of eating be, if a she as woman who had never smoked, passed away from lung cancer? this is indeed very offensive, it saddens me to hear that she has already passed away at this young age from such a terrible disease, this lady doctor was very courageous to give this outspoken contraversial view on health and especially diabetis and obesity . if you think the doctor died for not eating enough refined carbs and sugar, pls go ahead and continue eating carbs. i believe at least she was brave and her actions where meant to provide the nesecary solution to do something about insuline resistance, obesity and all related deceases which are rampant and the covid was also much more severe in obese people. i had a gastric bypass. problem solved. and i can eat carbs too. i don't get hungry now. this happened to me by accident. in dealing with long haul covid i hit on the idea of going on a keto diet free of histamine triggering foods. blood glucose levels were normal almost instantly. i continued to test two to three times a day with normal, within range numbers. two years later i'm able to control blood glucose, my long haul covid is in check, and i've lost 10 inches in the waist. wonderful! i don't care what you think, you can not gain to 600 pounds just by hormones. you gotta shovel the damn food down you throat. the key takeaway from this is when she says \"there's money to be made in keeping you sick.\" this is the main philosophy pushed by every pharmaceutical company and for virtually all pharmaceuticals. think about that the next time you're pressured to take any pharmaceutical or vaccine. there's money to be made selling diets and books and food supplements to conspiritards. you are 1000% right. i was diagnosed with hyperinsulin years ago-hospitalized, to run tests. however the professor told me that they don't know anything about this condition-but was diagnosed from another doctor with a fatty liver-also with no real explanation-except to go see another doctor. my housedoctor at the time told me i was hypoglycemic, and told me to stay away from processed foods and eat whole grains instead. it is vervy complicated to say the least. but wait... the government can't control us if we're healthy if insulin increases is the first factor that indicates the start of insulin resistance leading to d2 several years later, why are we not testing insulin levels. why are we testing blood sugar ? it's too late by then . i had two doctors give me a list of food to avoid for d2,high blood pressure and high cholesterol (metabolic syndron) i cross-referenced them and eliminated all but celery bokchoy, and lettuce were the only foods allowed. she's right. tried to lose weight using every popular method. epic fail. dropped my carbs below 20 grams a day, ezpz, lost 95 pound, my a1c went from 7.2 to 4.7 in 2 years. (yes, it takes time and consistent effort and discipline, but it is worth it. when i mentioned to my doctor that the reason my cholesterol was so low was one meal a day, she called it a \"fad diet\" and recommended i eat a few times a day. that was my last visit with her. take care of yr own health, these days thanks to internet you can get classes without entering expensive college and try anything you like( for sure there is no health advice coming from government nor professionals to keep us healthy as the expenses of sick care explode every year god says that bread (carbs) is the staff of life. he's the manufacture. he fed the israelites from heaven with honey, manna(bread) and quail (lean meats) this woman is totally wrong. it may be why she (and so many others) died prematurely and very well could be in part from a lack of holistic, balanced diet including grains and necessary fiber - all anti-carcinogens. this ted is often based on mans wisdom- not god's. ezekiel 4:9 organic wheat, barley, beans, lentils etc. are all in god's diet not hers and others who advocate the scriptures being anachronistic in dietary laws. i know people who even with type 2 \"pre\" diabetes lived quality lives into their 90s. thin, eating too much \"fats\" (unknown to themselves) sickly people whose immunity systems are compromised by not eating a balanced diet defy god and disdains whole breads - even organic - these folks end up with other health issues. we are what we eat, think, drin and inhale - so put good thins in your body. you are only was strong as your immunity sytem folks!\njesus himself said \"i am the bread of life\" so she says don\"t eat bread? she's dead at a young age. and many more will find that apart from a healthy organic diet of grains, fresh fruits, vegetables, lean meat, cold water fish etc. rigorous daily work and exercise with rest on the sabbath (god made our bodies to be used & to perspire) not to mention purified distilled water(as was in existence 5000 years ago) that all of these machinations by diabetes and dietary experts are doomed to fail. so go ahead - eliminate all grains and breads and whole grain cereals etc. and see what happens in the long run. its okay to carry a little weight and the \"pre.\" a just balance is the lord's delight and moderation in all things. just saying. philippians 4:4-8 proverbs 11:1 the deceased sarah hallberg says \"don't eat grains you don\"t need them.\" but god says you do. i'll go with god thank you. the wisdom of man is a snare he meant holy communion which he instituted at the last supper. his body and blood under the species of the consecrated bread and wine. john chapter 6. no, it makes dolllars for the medical big business. vaccine big business needs viruses to keep the people lining up and the profits rolling through. i suffer for a witch not to live. wow! mind blown....thank you so much! i do not like doctors now they are distant,often rude and even make mistakes. love this doctors train of thought... bravo for having the balls to say f it and spit truth instead of towing the ada, ama, and *insert any number of medical association acronyms*...\nshe nailed it with the business side too... the most important thing she said in this entire video was \"there is big money in keeping you sick.\"\nif more started thinking logically/out-of-the-box and going with the gut feeling, i dare say a ton of things that are generally accepted as medical gospel and \"common knowledge\" would be dispelled.... and even worse, i'd bet that people will finally realize the absolutely insane amount of methods, treatments, and cures that were ridiculed, quieted, and even prosecuted as dangerous quackery and fraud were actually viable (and low-cost or free) healthy people don't make profits for big pharma my question for her is, why are asians, especially japanese, eating rice and staying slim? how do you handle the increase in cholestoral? so sorry to hear this news! its a loss for all. you gotta cut the carbs and the fats! only eat the healthy ones in proper amounts and excercise gently to moderately: twice daily..and unfortunately sugar is out! start every meal w veggies...you can do it! they have no idea more so them in health care! did she test positive for polonium? polonium is so radioactive that it sublimates at room temperature. place in in a vehicle and one has a radioactive isotope gas chamber to drive home. other family members develop the same disease? revenue stream robert atkins, sarah hallberg - all dead before their time. let that be a reminder how healthful their diet recommendations are. great video!\nalso intermittent fasting is to why to go to heal your body along with your health lecture. thank you ! excellent presentation, the chart is a revelation. saddened to read in the comments of her passing. we need more like her. the whole industry is a joke, ada is paid by monsanto and most physicians operate like robots. patients need to educate themselves and not rely on these idiots for advise. i always asked diabetic patients what would happen if they simply ate less carbs and the response was always \"my doctor advised me to eat x-amount of carb exchanges and inject x-amount of insulin\". well there you have it, common sense out the door. she had lung cancer, but she died shortly after the covid vaccine seriously straight, honest, researchable advice and education...what a sad loss to everybody on the planet.. respect absolutely \"ignore the guidelines\"!!! keto great! dr richard k. bernstein's \"normalizing blood sugars\" has been fighting with the ada for ~30 years!!! i did atkins years ago and lost weight. felt great. slowly went back to eating carbs, sugar and have been fighting weight ever since. back to atkins/keto! what about her saying her diet helps against cancer. it didn't. so sad. rip great explanation! thanks & appreciate. loved the video but deeply saddened to hear that she passed away. rip dr sarah h. nice video she died of lung cancer . lung cancer is from chemical exposure like chemical fragrance plug ins, detergent, skincare, bodycare, whatever the tell-a-lie-vision says i do the opposite. any media, magazines promoting drugs i dont read. i used to think having diabetes disease was the end of life for me but all that change when i came across dr igudia on youtube who gave me his natural herbs medication which i used in curing my type 2 diabetes . fly high with the angels ! you truly are an angel to many sick people! get rid of the parasites - you rothchild trained drug pushing doctors never ever address it- i fired all of you md's dang. just watched this awesome presentation and quickly became a fan of dr. sarah's only to find out she passed away. f cancer. but i appreciate everything she said in this video, from the empathetic approach she took to obese people to sharing her ideas on battling diabetes. like you, except just today, watched this video. 100% with you on f!!! cancer, i cried knowing she passed. rip i got healed and cure of herpes virus with the aid of dr. ikpoko on youtube. his herbal medicine works so cool dr oiwoh on youtube has really been a great impact to my health life and i'm forever grateful to god for directing me to him i recommend him,now the way to perfect healing is right in your hands dr oiwoh on youtube has really been a great impact to my health life and i'm forever grateful to god for directing me to him i recommend him,now the way to perfect healing is right in your hands you have to wonder, was it lung cancer or big pharma who got her? i think so . too yeah but chocolate chip cookies are worth it, and pie and brownies and pasta! let me take this time to appreciate dr igudia on youtube who i came across through a friend of mine who told me about his natural herbs supplements which cured her diabetes disease completely and i also ordered the herbs medication which cured my diabetes disease completely the perpetual rifle substantially ignore because handsaw contradictorily float apropos a better air. voiceless, vague competitor ignoring medical advice kills many people. please follow your doctor's advice. always. well done dr sarah. thank you for your tireless work. you have changed my life. she has a great obituary. in it she is quoted to have said, \" i went to medical school - because i was pissed.\" what passion! what a great lady! thank you for your information. u get diabetes lose 30 pounds shits out killing people over dropping a few pounds does eating vegetables with carbs reduce the insulin rush? miss you & thank you, dr. hallberg. this is not new dr atkins preached this back 40 years ago and has helped thousands of people but this kind of diet does not make people money and big pharma. looses money if people are well. simple & sweet cut to the chase gotta love it. the american sugar producing industry association states that there is no clear link between consumption of sugar and diabetes. reason # 4 million america is not for the people by the people and of the people, but for the corporations, by the corporations and on the backs of the people. i wonder if the sugar industry knows how to give people lung cancer????? or is it the pharmacology industry???? she looks heathy. was she killed by big pharma & big grocery to silence her truth? thats what modern corporations do. they kill people. guys those who started calculating carbs in different foods, start with removing potato, sugar and rice from your diet, do exercise and remove every source of stress, replace one time of milk tea with green tea. very sad to learn of dr sarah passing. i'm sad she is no longer on this earth. i'm suffering with obesity and i just found this video! not sure i know what to do now! so glad i stumbled upon this video! at 55, 5'3\", and almost 200# i desperately need to lose weight.\ni've tried multiple different weight loss programs. even wegovy injections (had to stop due to supply issues).\ni'm literally hungry all the time. crave carbs around the clock.\ni've always considered the \"fad diets\" like keto, atkins etc. to be something that can't be done as an entire life change, because to be honest, to lose weight and keep it off, you literally have to completely change your diet for life. have your thyroid checked for hypothyroidism (blood test.) i was in the same situation and couldn't lose weight no matter how much i exercised, fasted, dieted. turns out i had been living with hypothyroidism and technically became diabetic. too bad i never had my thyroid checked 20 years ago. i remember sitting in a first yr uni biochem class and thinking 'wow, humans don't need to eat sugar at all, because of the interconnection of biochem pathways in the liver, muscles and other body tissues'. that was 25 years ago.\nthen a decade later i asked some relatives who were diagnosed t2d, why they were complaining about blood sugar levels when they were still eating starches such as bread, rice, etc. today i know someone who is pcos, t2d, and their diet is full of starches, sugars, processed food. their dr keeps parroting the food guide to them, which is starch/grain heavy. i wish ppl wd get with the truth so that dr's could give good, effective advice and actually help patients. i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes disease to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective and cures diabetes completely. 10000 years is not enough time to adapt (evolve) for eating grains. dr. sarah was a pioneer. we will miss her! dr. ergin (sugarmd) can i just eat butter? i'm kidding of course but still... we have been lied to about almost everything. stop listening to gov based orgs in bed with big pharma and big corporate. this goes beyond food, nutrition, medicine, vax's.... thank the usda for the food pyramid - carbs are the base of it - government works! excellent analysis, deployed worldwide through my deep learning ai research library\nthank you carnivore diet no insulin for 4 months lost 90 pounds no sugar no carbs we can do this ,thank for the info, god bless you! we can't have people just going around ignoring the guidelines! the guidelines were written on stone tablets and delivered from mt. sinai by dr.fauci himself. being poor contributes to illness and a shorter life. no one wants to talk about it in terms of economics. i'm fairly sure we can't over tax a product of any type in this country.\nisn't that a law? my doctor doesn't want to help me control diabetes because she said i'm not diabetic enough. only just seen this, but i wish i had seen it 25 years ago. most of what she says i have learnt in the last 2 years. my hba1c went from 74 to 49 in 2 months and is now 42 (best ever result is 37 which is non -dianetic!) am still on insulin, but only 10% of what i used to take.\nif you have type 2 diabetes, listen to this and act on it! sorry but in somalia there are insulin resistant people. they just do not have access to 3 or 4 thousand calories a day!! without being rude, how did she die as i didn't know while watching this and thinking that pharma is going to knock off, then read comments and she is dead lung cancer i sincerely appreciate the work of dr igudia on youtube who helped me with his natural herbs medication which i used in curing my diabetes once and for all. sorry i gave up in the first minute as i disagree with the term disease and that sufferers (not all) are not to blame. watch \"the doctor who gave up drugs\". he cured most type 2s in 2 months with a short walk each day. my hormones make me eat doughnuts all day long. big pharma definitely won't like this... how could dr sarah get lung cancer? may she rest in peace, what a wonderful woman and educator. i was 300 pounds. pre type 2, a1c 7.6 following the government food pyramid, tv, fast food, and processed food, i gave up sugar, simple carbs, no bread, rice, potatoes, milk, beans, went to meat, cheese, vegs, some nuts, water, tea, eggs, good oils, coconut oil, butter, avocados, lost 121 pounds, blood sugar normal ac1 is 5.1. the medical industry wants to treat not cure. its about the money. whatever the cdc, fda, nih, who etc. recommend always check it out & usually do the opposite! low carb diets are associated with higher incidence of cancer, so one should be careful not to go overboard on avoiding carbs. balancing is key i think. as one who was dying from congestive heart failure, diabetes, acid reflux, arthritis and a few other issues i can attest that food is critical. i stopped eating carbs and went to the carnivore diet. totally transformed my life and literally restored my life. not as expensive as many think because you're not eating empty calories that contribute to the decline of your health. so a little goes a long way. congrats to you for changing your menu.\neating less often vs less of.\ntoo much time wasted on calorie counting....in the name of health.\neat better foods. oh no, so sorry to hear this. may she rih and smile down on us, thank you for your time god had you with us. may her knowledge, wealth of info, and legacy live on!! i love how she exposed the real agenda keeping people sick. thank you lady. i cut carbs and go into keto acidotic shock. so i get the whole cycle. so when she says \"eat fats!\" what does she mean? the meal examples she gave were substitutions for grains ie: coconut flour, almond, etc. but she never gave an example of fats to eat. did she mean animal fats? they let any old waffle be spoken on here then, opinion is not science. please share this video. when someone tells the truth, there are those who don't want them to tell the truth that's all i'm gonna say. i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. wonderful. very informative. thank you for taking the time to make this video. thank you what a pleasure surprise that i was cured from hsv2 with the herbal medicine i ordered from dr. ikpoko on youtube channel it's strange how different people are. i eat carbohydrate meals every day, but i have no desire to eat again. in fact, i find eating mostly just annoying. i know i must do it or i'll feel tired, but it's nothing i care about much. if it didn't make me feel bad, i'd just drink my protein drinks exclusively. it makes me so mad that our health professionals won't do the right thing. i'm a nurse and it's hard to medicate people when we should be feeding them the right way. if you think food can make up for medication, it's good you're a nurse and not a doctor. you better not talk like this around any vegans. they're a crazy lot to begin with. they just might go berserk and attack you physically, violently, veganly. the brain needs some carbs. go without completely and you'll find yourself crying over broccoli. eat good carbs and then go for a walk. the walk..this \"exercise\" hardly burns any calories. its all about diet. and yes, ketones easily fuel the brain not really true.in ketosis you brain is fuelled more efficiently with ketones. a little carbs like no more than 1 ounce or 30g per day should be your aim to benefit from a low carb diet. makes so much sense, type 2 is diet related. i'm so sad to hear dr. hallberg has passed away. her body is gone, but her spirit and energy obviously live on. she just changed my life completely. thank you so much, dr. hallberg. the lord called her home because her work was done and earth shaking. i will never forget this video. @elke schmitt checked out dr bernstein's story a pioneer truly joan w she was young and healthy. was she vaxxed? @carolan ammirata would you please share this groundbreaking info with me- i got sick over 20yrs ago, and i am in search of info-to put all the puzzle pieces together. so far, she is spot on. my mother and grandmother were diabetic=my grandmother was not diagnose until she was in her 70's, and her doctor said ( i remember this as clear as it was only yesterday )= not need for her to change anything, she has lived her life. and i remember=lots of carbohydrates were consumed-my grandmother also got alzheimer's-really bad-really fast. my mother lived for cake-she was told she had to go on insulin, she was taking metformin-without modifying her diet. only after she changed her diet and implemented walking into her routine = she had just retired from being a cleaning lady at the local school. so all that physical activity was gone. i was diagnosed being hypoglycemic=chronic low blood sugar, yes so i always had to eat=and the pounds kept on piling on-even though i never had a problem in my younger years. the advice from doctors was vague. i just have to figure out a better eating plan=which actually works for me. i would really appreciate it. thank you in advance. may you be blessed. very interesting ,thank you im 18, fit, a dancer and i've got type 2 diabetes:/ can anyone recommend what to eat if you are underweight and have high blood sugar? i can't afford to lose weight. i am sorry to hear that dr. sarah is no longer living. so sad! my condolences to her family and friends. every food has carbs, even meats do, so if you are making up your meals with healthy foods why is 40-65 grams (depending on your own person) too much carbs? maybe if you're a couch potato? when i did this (i was at 45 per meal, 15 per snack, i ate every 4 hours), i lost 50 lbs and felt better than i had in a very long time. and have kept it off. not true? like steak has nearly 0 grams of carbs. i'm confused why you think meat has significant carbs when sarah put up slides showing what she eats for breakfast and dinner the camera operator chose not to zoom in on the projector screen so i could barely make out what was on her plate. she mentioned her muffins were made from non-grain in the picture of her breakfast plate. it looked like there may have been a soft-boiled egg on the muffin on the left, and that the muffins may have contained blueberries though i couldn't be sure given how small her plate was on my laptop screen. she mentioned there were sauteed mushrooms on her dinner plate. i believe i also saw cherry tomatoes, snow peas, and ricotta or feta cheese. i can't make out what the foods are above the sauteed mushrooms on the image of her plate. it would have been helpful if she described all the food on her plate in both instances. the way she rapidly showed the two plates made the food appear to be exotic. exotic equates to inaccessible to a lot of viewers. this was a very significant informational presentation for me personally. i am currently one of those people that has been treated with medications that keep increasing and with more that one medication without real success (meaning the 1st medication given was doubled over time, then another more potent and very expensive medication on top of that). my brother had told me that type-ii diabetes was reversible if the food intake was corrected, he was right. this information told me two things, carbs are toxic for those of that have insulin resistance and that we can actually eat foods without them and live healthy and without all the cost and side effects of these diabetes drugs, which can actually put your life in danger i.e. if you stop eating carbs these medications can cause your blood sugar levels to drop levels just like a person that has type-1 diabetes and takes to much insulin. worked in the field of academic medicine my entire career and this is the best talk on diabetes i have ever heard. thank you! so why aren't these people who are ensulin-resistant going for help?\nthis is a choice that goes back to them to help themselves.\nit still goes back to being responsible for yourself. taking personal responsibility and to be accountable.\nwe can't arrest them for being overweight. that's 'insulin' mate..they do go for help, to their doctor. the doctors are the ones giving false dietary advice, and have been for many years, because they prefer to keep pumping you full of meds . the point you miss is many folk are already insulin resistant and don't know it.until diabetes symptoms begin to show. the permanent raise in blood glucose causes things like: dry mouth/ constant thirst, itchy skin, incontinence, numb finger tips and toes (eventually needing amputation)and the worst, permanent degradation and loss of eye sight. no one wants that, but it creeps up on you over years. at the start your statements are not complete. some of these obese people suffer from insulin resistance. but there are some who simply don't care and eat things in such quantities that cause their overweight problems. they may later become insulin resistant because of their excessive habits. would physicians who care about this bright leader and every human please explain how rare and aggressive cancers have mushroomed in those who took m-ar-n-ay. i personally know 15 who have died within 2 days to 4 months of taking it. ages 23-74. i know 8 currently failing on attempts to attack their cancers. in fact, one at md anderson who just had stem cell tx because marrow transplantation failed (he's 54). please tell me if this doctor's cancer tx failed after her shots. how can any of you buy what the ama is selling? read through the investigational studies- you are are being used. just like this doctor said, \"this needs to be changedwe need to give practical advice to those\" who contract this lab created pestilence. find the best functional med doctor you can and pay attention. that's all you have to do.\nthe american sickcare system has no interest in preventing illness or healing you; it's primary goal is to keep you sick and dependent on prescription meds for your entire life. and the food supply is toxic, the product of a corrupt federal government that has been captured by bigag.\nreducing carbs only seems weird to americans because they've been brainwashed into thinking carbs should be a major part of their diet. the issue is that you cannot buy in any usa grocery store and bread product that is not full of sugar and refined flour.\ni am baking my own bread and rolls. therefore no sugar and 100% whole grain/ seeds products.\ni agree with the doctor, the refined carbs are killer to humankind. soooooooo. keto diet??? have been eating less than 20g of carbs a day, often 0 to 10 grams a day for the last 3 months. lost a crapton of swelling weight, energy levels came back, libido is returning as my testosterone levels are rising again, and have never felt better. keto baby...all the way. sara jean hallberg passed away march of 2022 :( amazing..thank you extraordinary video and information, certainly worth trying for anyone with pre-diabetes, or diagnosed with type ii. though i would have asked one question. don't you need carbs for energy? the web is drowned in pages saying its necessary part of your diet and keeps your blood cholesterol levels in check, as well as running the risk of hypoglycemia if you don't eat enough of them. that you burn carbs as energy instead of muscle mass. she's essentially saying you don't need any carbs in your diet at all, that they are something short of low grade poison.\nand does this apply to type i? thank you...you helped me with my journey back to health y me 06:20 - there we go again. medical recommendations that shorten your overall lifespan. try to understand this other than the pharmaco-medical mafia wanting to keep you \"hooked\" on their high revenue drugs. become your own doctor if you want to live long. my husband was able to cure his type 2 diabetes permanently with the natural herbs supplements we ordered from dr igudia on youtube and i encourage you all to try his natural herbs supplements hmm the brain uses carbs doesn't have to. ketones can be used as fuel women in days gone by controlled their weight by cutting out sweets, bread, and potatoes when they noticed they'd gained a few pounds. back then it was just common sense. then eisenhower had a heart attack, and the country lost its damned mind. its possible to have 5-20 times the insulin as a child and have a normal a1c and glucose . wish i knew that , doctors knew it its a hormonal disorder not disease her label will keep you on there meds forever! big pharma wack a doodoo sad to hear that the best persons always go first :( . we need much much more physicans like her, we people are so done with these pharma industry sheep doctors. big pharma i can't wait until we all get to type 2 diabetes which means more money for them and the insane amount of insulin right now is putting a smile on their greedy faces.\nthere is bad sugars in everything now.dont you think this is part of the problem? it's not just hormones. let's also look at food addiction for a large percentage of obese persons. talk about that aspect regarding diabetes!! how about the person chugging soda all day! this is the best and safe treatment i have ever had which worked so well in curing my hsv, i believe in dr ogudugu and i am indebted to him for giving me this treatment.. thank you!! is this doctor still alive? i'd be surprised if pharma didn't put a hit on her! she is 100% correct. amazing i found dr jason fungs youtube channel on intermittent fasting. and he's advice has made me loose 30lbs in 12 weeks and reversed my diabetes. the inuit people, that live north of me, so long as they stick to their traditional diet, have a low diabetes rate. the ones with a western diet, like the rest of the population, have a high diabetes rate.\nbest wishes all from northern canada. thanks doc. i've argued with my doctors for some time that i can't eat 5 meals a day. first of all, i'm hypothyroid which means i process food slower. secondly, my body tells me when i am cold, tired, sick . . . it will also tell me when to eat and when i have had enough to eat. for 20 yrs, i've tried to keep my glucose under control. now that i'm on insulin, my food sugars are all over the map. i'm done. the ada approach is illogical. doctors have put me on every new drug on the market, i get a bad reaction to them. if i only eat when hungry, eat sensibly, and yeas, watch my carbs, i'll be ok. (stress eating is my weakness) fantastic presentation. sadly, the combined might, money and political lobbying by big pharma and the food industry means the status quo in western economies will prevail for years to come. obesity is caused by sugars eating of cold drinks.people should looks at mega corporation. how about people who have both diabetes and high cholesterol. they appear to be related; like they have some sort of viscous cycle/feedback loop dark urine , eye stinging, eye tears, kidney pain. i quit dairy and fixed those. also sugar can cause urinary tract infection in diabetic patients try no dairy, for a week , for diabetes type 2 rest in peace .. so no grains, potatos and fruit? wonderful diet if you want to get cancer and die. less of all the above. those should be treated as the snack instead of half a pizza, a huge bowl of ice cream, etc. wow! this is very educational and informative. i have learned a lot! thank you so much , i am trying to figure this out ! went from an a1c of 9.0 to 5.3 in four months and have stayed there for a year now with none of my previous medications. triglycerides fell dramatically without grains and cholesterol levels (lipids) came into the normal range. this has truly been life changing (oh, and i have lost 75 pounds in 18 months)! @hind alshehri i did it because i was becoming worried about foot neuropathy and dr hallberg's talk made sense. basically, i just ate meat and cheese for a few weeks and then i realized that my food cravings were gone. i added some eggs, berries, salads and began to read labels for carb content.\nthe weight then started to fall off and it became a feedback loop - no hunger and yet i was losing weight. felt better and that kept me encouraged. next diabetic exam my a1c had dived to 5.5 and because was now rolling along so well i refused to break out of the no carbs habit. the success has just become self sustaining. this is such a great great job, my dad is prediabetes , would you like to share how did you do that please? i went from 17 a1 c to 6.8 asian cultures have always eaten rice (carbohydrates) and in no shape, way, or form does it have anything to do about the industries trying to sell product and profit. white rice was actually only prepared for the ruling class, but we all know now it's brown rice that provides the most nutritional value. it's similar to how irish people like eating potatoes. in any event, it is what it is. most of us will probably fall into eating whatever, especially carbs, simply because it's just always seemingly readily available unless we are either educated, highly disciplined, or instructed by our doctor(s). but yeah, dr. sarah was brave to speak out against the industries. rip there are those that practice cdc, and those who practice medicine. always keep digging. i was pre-diabetic and hypertensive. at 5'6\" 195 pounds. with a low carb modification i am no longer either of these and lost 35 pounds and feel great. the weight melted off and my blood pressure dropped like a rock to normal levels. my doctor had told me i was going to be on medication if i did not make a change and the side effects would have been miserable so i was highly motivated. this is now a life style for me. i will never go back to high carb foods as they are absolutely addictive. with any carbs over 20 it immediately triggers cravings. break the chain and you set yourself free... i have some issues with bloodsugar but i avoid the doctor, instead i went into really low carb.\nimidiatly like after 3-4 days i felt like iam no longer sick, it felt like i was eating poisen.\nmore energy, less sleep, stable mood, no issues with bloodsugar. very good information. but, im sorry to disagree (about what doctors say), but doctors as well as nutritionists and dieticians do not recommend that their insulin resistant patients eat lots of carbs. quite the opposite. all i've ever heard is to stay away from high carbs diets, to lower one's carb intake and to focus on greens and vegetables that are not legumes.\nthank you. excellent presentation. what do you eat for breakfast watching this video for more info bcoz our mom died from type 2 diabetes may god bless dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication which i got from him after seeing a lot of reviews from people who used his medications and got cured. i didn't realize insulin makes one hungry i think this is a huge missing piece of the puzzle. everyone is always saying its easy to lose weight, just eat less. duh, but its not easy. reducing sugar intake to have better metabolic flexibility and ability to go longer periods of time without food, is a much easier way to reduce cravings. i was recently diagnosed with pre diabetes. i love this doctor! after listening, i was making note of her info so i could make an appointment with her. i see now that she has passed on. god bless her. i sincerely appreciate the work of dr igudia on youtube who helped me with his natural herbs medication which i used in curing my diabetes once and for all. i kept getting abscesses and was diagnosed with hs, this condition went on for 30 years until i begged my dr to check me for diabetes....when he finally looked into my history, this was before patient history was available online like it is now...i was misdiagnosed with many conditions...anyway i had diabetes for about 10 years and no one told me...getting a dr to listen to you is the ,most important thing...great video! @pat i was living in the middle east for ten years of this time, and my ex husband was notified but never communicated to me...my a1c as always been good, but my blood sugar bounces from extremely high to extremely low even now. the testing over seas is quite different, since i wasnt testing every day there was no way to know until the symptoms where so extreme...even now several times a day my blood sugar tests in normal range, but maybe an hour later it will be high or even very low. and i have am on three diabetic medications including insulin when its high and been diagnosed now 3 years, when looking back on hospital records there were many times where my numbers where out of control but it was a failure on the dr and hospital that just ignored it because i didnt have insurance. @snoepnr1 i don't understand, glucose is a part of a basic blood panel but it was never checked? and one of the hardest, they don't think we know what we are talking about, they know better because they have been trained, but they don't listen @snoepnr1 alot of drs gaslight us without realizing it. over 50 years, ive never been wrong about what condition i thought i have, 22 separate disabilities now and i keep getting turned down for disability ....its a good thing when we find a dr that listens, they are a rare bread! that sounds a lot like what i wend true. i also kept gaining wait while i already cut half of my intake. i seen every specialist they had in the hospital. i think there is no machine or test i did not wend true. one of the specialist said well lets take a part of your stomage away because if you can.t control it a smaller stomage can. like they completly ignored the signals i gave. than one day i feld so bad i wend to the docters office and demanded ablood test for diabetes and they where in shock of the result. it was just before the weekend and i had to start taking tablets the same day. just 4 days later the world was a lot better. now almost a year later i can't even imagine that i was so sick all the time for over 12 years. i am thankfull for the help i got from the doctors, but imagine what they could do if they only tried to really listnen to the patient. are potatoes carbs? yes, but much less than soda or cookies or something odd that aisan people are skinny but eat rice another moron. awesome tips... obesity comes due to your body aging and you lose muscle mass and so your metabolism slows down! you have to diet and exercise. you have to find a diet you can stick to that works for you! i am not a dr but i am somebody that has suffered and fought back...it can be done but it takes a lot of dedication and work! you have to do it and nobody else can do it for you! i fixed my high blood pressure, high cholesterol, severe fluid retention, + type 2 diabetes, in 2 weeks, by going onto the paleo diet, meat + veges, no carbs, lost 8 kgs in 2 wks, 18 kgs in 3 mths, sitting all day, no exercise. no root veges. delete anything from wheat/flour. i have been on a chicken stew for 18 mths now, im 65.\n1 thank you for sharing the truth! i am so sorry to hear this dr. has passed away. rest in peace. you helped a lot of people...and still are through the miracle of video. see you in the future. define low carbohydrate diet if you eat a ton of food loaded with additives and preservatives then that becomes attached to your body. those additives as and preservative are meant to give food a longer shelf life. that means it takes longer to break down . so if you eat a lot of those foods the insulin cannot break the foods down because of those foods causing your body to resist. the insulin thus insulin resistance brilliant. a carbohydrate intolerance epidemic we created and we keep propping with special interests involved the food industry has put out a bounty on this woman for speaking facts there's very little money to be made in curing any disease... all their money is made treating the disease and selling them drugs i tried to verta program for 6 months it's very expensive to join and the diet is extremely restrictive but the support group was excellent i was able to keep my a1c under 7 when it used to be 12 the success rate was very good the issue i had with the program was after 6 months my body readjusted and became more insolent resistant it doesn't have to everybody but it does happen to a percentage of the people out there and i was unfortunately to be one of them no matter how good i was eating i was walking 4 to 5 miles a day i was doing weight training my sugar just reversed and went from my low numbers and jump back up to 11 when i went back to my normal doctor i end up going to the nutritionist which said you're eating no carbs or very low carbs and your body re-adapted we're going to have to reintroduce carbs against your diet so that it doesn't become over resistant so it took me another 2 years and medication to get myself back to normal i take minimum amount of medication but my a1c's are running in the 4 to 5 range but it's something i have to watch every single day. there's no one solution but i have to say anyone that tries the atkins or keto approach be careful there's a lot more studies out there it that it could give you more harm than it is good. i got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. my doctor said, i could not eat carbs, meats, or fats. i was like... 'so what do i eat?' answer: leafy greens. i was like... forget it. that makes my diet super boring, and i truly enjoy food. i'm going to cut out the carbs and try again. yea i think that's great! keto seems to work really well. way less carbs but you can still eat some great things. i'm losing weight but made a burger in a lettuce bun with avocado and a very low sugar ketchup/mayo sauce nearly every night for weeks! i even eat a little home-fried chicken with a small amount of breading. but its way less carbs than i used to eat and its working real well j so then, even rice and what? potatos? white flower, yeah guilty. - mono and disacharides i am avoiding. poly? no not yet. wow, this doctor lady is awesome. i was a type 2 until i went against my doctor's advices. thanks a lot for the video. i love this video!!!!!!\ni am literally constantly amazed at how we brag about knowing nutrition.., but in the real world of restaurants etc, and bakeries.., it's like virtually impossible to find gluten free places that use the coconut flour, almond flour etc.., and who use sugar substitutes instead of real sugar for breads, muffins, dissents, cookies, and other interesting snacks and side dishes.\neven the \"gluten free\" products and choices on the market are loaded with cane sugar which makes literally zero sense to me!!! let's be clear, eating vegan is far from being the same as eating healthy because of overloaded carbs, sugars, and grain based products, same for vegetarians, their diet can be loaded with carbs and sugars in massive amounts.., but it is so rare to find any bakery or restaurants specializing in truly low card delicious fresh food options! when you bake with splenda and various no gluten flour options.., you can make incredibly good alternatives to all the sugar and carbs.\nsomeone can get rich catering fresh food and recopies specifically to the no gluten and no sugar market.., as a restaurant and bakery etc because these places simply do mot exist!!!! i used to think having diabetes disease was the end of life for me but all that change when i came across dr igudia on youtube who gave me his natural herbs medication which i used in curing my type 2 diabetes . sorry to hear that you are no longer with us. thank you for technology she keeps spreading her immortal energy and wisdom that will help prolong the life expentency of many innocent souls.\nif one day i gather enough money and influence i will open an institution in your name madam to spread awareness among our population who come from a sugar producing country and where diabetes is high and obesity is very low. so glad i stumbled upon this video. you constantly hear to go low/no carb but i feel like i've never had it explained like this before. thank u!!!!! you saved me!!!! these are the same things that gary taubes has written about. and don't forget to get your vaccines..who knows what's in them..??? what do they do to you 10-20-30yrs down the road?? maybe nothing to you but, what do they do to your babies of the future?? i watched this video and then went to find out about her in google. i was not prepared for what i found. so sad. last year i was diagnosed with type 2 aged 57. i changed my life to low carbs, less than 30g a day. this week , 6 months later . blood sugar 38, lost 2 stone, lower bp. took up running and feel awesome . thank you anything under 50 is dangerous! i surely hope you made a typo! @david worthington why so low on blood sugar @david worthington same here with a double-take, anything around 100- 90 is pretty good. 38 seems waaaay too low. glad to hear you're doing well, but i had to do a double take - your blood sugar was 38? skip the running. do sprinting instead. check out dr. sean o'mara. r.i.p. dr. hallberg :( so no carb, and no metastatic lung cancer.... easy! lol! when my doctor told me i had type 2, i asked him if i can beat it. he told me no. but i am not one to sit on this and after getting a dog and losing 65lbs and my doctor told me i no longer had diabetes and congratulated me, he was surprised. don't listen to anyone. do your research and apply yourself. i learned this.\nmedicine has advanced so much that no one is healthy.. thank you. very well explained and a great help to everyone who hears this talk on reversing type 2 diabetes what happens to your cholesterol? improves great information and accurate save for one point. gluttony is not a disease, and is a big part of the problem. my husband was able to cure his type 2 diabetes permanently with the natural herbs supplements we ordered from dr igudia on youtube and i encourage you all to try his natural herbs supplements no potatoes? thats a bummer the rona shows us big pharma want you sick where are you at big pharmacy, fda. most of these doctors that are good somehow for some reason end up dying. the list is long. big thank you to all of them. coincidence???? interesting, but this \"answer\" doesn't explain why people in countries that eat lots of rice don't have similar epidemics of obesity. if 50% of americans (or more) are susceptible to diabetes, then it can't simply be caused by eating the same foods that people in other countries without similar epidemics are eating.\nperhaps our epidemic is related to the highly processed carbs we are eating, but it is unlikely that a simple bowl of rice is one of the culprits. also, it's untrue that we don't need carbs. your body needs carbs to help absorb proteins. so yeah, stay off the doritos, limit your sugar intake, and *exercise* and that's likely enough for all but the most serious cases of insulin resistance. great talk this video is outstanding. the propoganda is being ramped right up in 2022 to get people sick on poor quality plant based diets. the demonisation of meat and saturated fats is almost hysterical. there's also a lot of money to be made by convincing people overly processed meat alternatives are good for you!! why exactly has mr gate brought up millions of acres of land across the globe??? hello everyone, i want to recommend dr igudia on youtube who cured my type two diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i got from him after a friend told me about his natural herbs supplements that cured her diabetes yes, absolutely true, every bit of it! but as she did also say, it is also very hard to remove something to which we are addicted! she did not say \"how\", other than to remove grains, potatoes & starches. & she intimated that proteins, but not too much, & fats should take their place. sounds simple but is not if you don't know the proportions. help!\nthis woman should do another talk on the \"how to\" of this subject. some of this is nice but i'm here to tell you that if i went zero carb i'd have blinding headaches all day long. could have also talked about plant-based diets here is what i did, and it was sooo easy: no sugar...none. gotta read the ingredients for everything these days because it's everywhere. and eat nothing that breaks down into sugar once it's in your body either. that means no potatoes, no grains, no flour, no rice, no oatmeal, no yellow bananas, no cooked carrots, and only limited fruits. i am so glad i learned this after watching another youtuber immediately after my pre-diabetes diagnosis. instead eat egg whites, broccoli, pork rinds, cauliflower pizza crust, meat (!), mushrooms, sweet peppers, diabetic ketchup, mustards galore, sardines, salmon, kirby pickles, brussel sprouts, avocados, greek yogurt with cinnamon, maybe some blueberries for dessert..the list of healthy foods is larger than you imagine. (try whipping up a vinegar-based north carolina barbecue sauce with monkfruit sweetener instead of brown sugar, it goes with every red meat, you'll thank me later.) while you are at it, try to skip the artificial sweeteners -- if you are diabetic or almost diabetic, you have had enough sweets. also, follow the glycemic index and only eat items under the gi rating of 55 -- just google it. i am down more than 30 lbs in just ten weeks, and i am looking forward to my next a1c blood test in two more weeks. i ate myself into this situation and i aim to eat myself out of it too. i can't imagine her gone such a vibrant person. very sad to hear, such a loss. yeah. type ii diabetes endocrinologists have a great racket going. blame the patient. the reason for insulin resistance is because the liver produces too much sugar. i had no idea! what happened to sarah? this lady has helped thousands of \"diabetics\" live a healthier life. so saddened! it would be amazing if we had more do tors that shred this info. pharmaceutical companies billionaires. not following many guidelines is how you heal yourself. stop complying i started keto 2 months ago. i was not overweight but lost 10 lb first month. no longer have hunger roller coaster. don't get heartburn anymore or indigestion. no surprise that fda and ama recommended a bad diet. big agricultural interests and big pharma rules washington. being recommended to dr ogie on youtube was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from type 2 diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation being recommended to dr ogie on youtube was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from type 2 diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation i'd love to be her patient.. i recommend dr igudia on youtube to everyone who suffers from type 2 diabetes disease because i was once suffering type 2 diabetes before i came across dr igudia who gave me his natural herbs supplements which i used to cure my diabetes completely. so meat and veg, no potatoes, bread, nothing carb. check i made the most amazing ketogenic trifles recently. egg custard(with cream and gelatine). home made sponge made with coconut flower, eggs, butter and protein powder, topped off with swirls of piped, whipped cream and a couple of strawberries. obviously i used a sweetener(stevia and erythritol which doesn't tend to spike blood glucose). i never use almond flour as its high in oxalates and is terrible for the environment (requires huge consumption of water resources in california).\nthis is an occasional treat due to the time and effort required, but well worth it! being recommended to dr ogie on youtube was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from type 2 diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation i read a study years ago that said when they tried to get animal to have diabetes, the absolute only thing they found that did was \"high fructose corn syrup\". of course after you get diabetes then many things causes your bs to go up. high fructose corn syrup is in almost everything processed. read labels and your will be amazed what all has it. blame the food producers who add sugar, maltodextrin, corn fructose, sucralose, and all the rest of it then go back to 1970 that is when they started that. i suffered from diabetes disease for over 9 years before i saw a lot of testimonies from different people here on youtube about dr igudia on youtube who cured their type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication and i also contacted dr igudia his natural herbs medication are indeed the best treatment and cure to diabetes i like eating flour tortillas with butter. thank you so much for this video. it is really very helpful to me. so she followed her own advice for 6 years and died...great advice you didn't mention anything about sugar when she mentioned the quack dr oz that ruined all her credibility. 7:20 17:18\nit's like chris rock said in his comedy concert:\n\"the real money isn't made in the cure.\"\n\"the real money is made in the come back.\"\nthe practice of allopathic medicine is very sick. may she rip.... not sure about the us, but, here in canada since the 90s the recommendation has been to reduce your starchy carbs, but keep up the veggies and greens (which are carbs!). so, i guess she was a pioneer in promoting keto.... @keithh23 actually its reduce refined carbs, increase whole grains, and 4-5 servings of fruits and vegetables. so it seems that the whole medical industry pushing insulin medication is medical malpractice for people who cannot afford the insulin due to our horrible healthcare insurance system. this is so true! beginning to reverse type 2 is easy to say; tough to do; however, a person's journey back from type 2 to a \"normal life\" begins with losing a lot of weight. a generalization, to be sure; but, this step applies to a majority of those conflicted with type 2. people don't understand the difference between \"simple\" and \"easy\". i used to think having diabetes disease was the end of life for me but all that change when i came across dr igudia on youtube who gave me his natural herbs medication which i used in curing my type 2 diabetes . rip dr. sarah! i just being diagnosed with t2d. i do eat alot of carbs and im on my journey to eliminate carbs in my meal. i'm scared but i still going to do it. wish me luck i have been preaching keto since 2018, never knowing who dr. hallberg was. i find this video now only to be saddened that she's no longer here. what a great doctor. she is probably a big part of how i found out about keto, never knowing all the knowledge she was sharing. i live this. let me fill you in on how \"easy\" this is:\nyou give up pizza.\nyou give up sandwiches.\nyou give up candy and pie and cake.\nyou give up rice and spaghetti.\nyou fake some bakery things with fake/sub flour. it's not as good and not worth the trouble.\nbtw - did i mention no pizza? no hotdogs with the bun?\ni'm not saying giving up carbs is impossible, but you should know it's not all happy laughs and joyous doctor's visits.\nit's very hard to do this for an extended period of time. go without your favorite \"carb\" food for six weeks and tell us how happy you are now.\ndo you live your life and be happy - or do you try to live forever and be miserable?\nthe choice is yours, either way. i have been eating less than 20g of carbs per day since 2018. i am far from miserable. in fact, i'm alive again! i always have a positive taught towards dr oiwoh on youtube herbal remedies and it worked for me i conquered diabetes at last all thanks to you doc i always have a positive taught towards dr oiwoh on youtube herbal remedies and it worked for me i conquered diabetes at last all thanks to you doc the diabetic diet that has been recommended for years sound more like malpractice than plain old crazy. is it true that eating irish people cures diabetes? really appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his herbs medication which i got from him and i can eat all kinds of food after using his herbs. i don't know.....i have seen that obese americans eat a diet that is both high in carbs and high in fats. the healthiest people on earth (okinawans) eat a lot of rice.. dr sarah who ate keto for a long time, died of lung cancer (she never smoked) in her forties. i have overweight friends who are very healthy and active in their 70s and friends who were thin and fit who died in their forties and fifties. i am very confused. there are so many well-qualified doctors advocating opposite things. no idea what to eat. all thanks to dr. sinclair and his team who greatly discovered an effective anti-aging supplement that can extend our life and live until a hundred and fifty. that's so good to be true, isn't it? but what some people don't understand about reversing aging is not just about extending quantity but rather improving quality of life. for honest review, vitruvin health supplement has been the most cost-effective brand of nmn for me. along with this supplement, i also advise you to have a ketogenic diet. overall, we can achieve not just a longer life, but a healthier life as well. % we where told there wasn't a cure guess what i am cured i was able to get rid of my diabetes by dr gboya on youtube his knowledge for herbs is so amazing all thanks to him. i don't, for one instant believe dr. hallberg's untimely death was an accident, or of natural causes. she was getting in the way of the profits of the ama, ada and big pharma. what do you think? i got off insulin by exercising again. it's a miracle. taking everything she says as gospel, then controlling what we put down our pie-hole can make us healthy or sick. since no one puts anything in our pie-hole but ourselves, then we are still individually responsible for our weight. that's it. i know i can't blame anyone for what i eat. following the government guidelines made me sick. following dr. hallberg made me well. sincere and compassionate, but lots of logical flaws. i recommend only dr igudia on his youtube channel for diabetes cure because i have used his herbs products and it cures my type 2 diabetes completely superb !!\nsimple, passionate and compelling.\ni read from the review comments that she has passed away>may her soul rest in peace for the path she has shown to many. i just wanna express my gratitude to dr igudia on youtube for curing my type 2 diabetes with his herbal medication which i ordered from him. god will bless you dr igudia what about vegetarians who need to mix varying sources of proteins? she's a quack. sarah died of lung cancer. i don't know if it's linked to red meat consumption but it seems that way.\nit's like you gotta trade diabetes for cancer to be keto. ain't no one safe here. we were trying to eat low carb and keto. then the ba$+ards running the country destroyed the economy, and we can't afford to cut carbs out of our diet. we need to have rice, noodles, potatoes, and other cheap carbs to stretch what little meat we can afford. actually another accepted prejudice is discriminating against people for being old. may god bless dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i got from him after seeing a lot of reviews from people who used his medications and got cured. when i was first diagnosed with type 2, the nutritionist and therapy people told me i could set a goal of 45 carbs in a whole day not at each meal as she is saying. i was told to reduce carbs not to eat more. very true this is all so true two of my colleagues has diabetes type 2 one of them is eating grain and vegetables and fruits and he is just getting more sick but my other colleague changed his diet and has reversed his sickness and don't need medicine vegan diet is the worst thing ever you're a hero doc! thank you for a brilliant presentation. i was sad to hear of dr hallberg's passing. rip. carbs are so good though!!! i used to think having diabetes disease was the end of life for me but all that change when i came across dr igudia on youtube who gave me his natural herbs medication which i used in curing my type 2 diabetes . rip what a great talk and what a great lady...wouldnt be suprised if she was killed by purpose as she would have made big pharma lose alot of moneu spot on advice it worked for me... brilliant presentation...and content..whooohooo. xx n i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. dr oiwoh on youtube has really been a great impact to my health life and i'm forever grateful to god for directing me to him i recommend him,now the way to perfect healing is right in your hands dr oiwoh on youtube has really been a great impact to my health life and i'm forever grateful to god for directing me to him i recommend him,now the way to perfect healing is right in your hands good news shall always come to you dr osaye for giving me your word and keeping to it,now i'm finally negative of diabetes now,\nafter a lot of shame god still did it through a great man like you, i appreciate love this lady.... this perspective is a bit naive. it's technically correct, but lacks the full understanding of the true conflict going on inside our hearts and minds. ideally, we shouldn't use metformin, and we shouldn't eat any carbs. that is the purest solution. just don't do the thing that makes you need the other thing. yeah, just do that. great advice.\nthe problem is that we only think partly with our brains. it's not a brain problem. it's a satisfaction problem, physical, emotional, sensory and intellectual.\nit's more about coming to terms with all of the supporting realities in order to gain responsible alignment in these areas. it involves a deeper level of clarity, not just knowledge. it's about clarity where you really are and the true future consequences for the actions you need to take to get optimal results. decide, commit then follow through for a bigger reason than just you. push yourself down the intellectual path, by an emotional charge, driven by a bigger vision of a greater mission. just do that. i cut carbs and got healthy. but, that's just me. trust and honesty is something that will always lead you straight to what's right,firstly i was afraid to trust the doctor not knowing he was the one god sent to help me out,i really needed to get rid of the diabetes and just decided to take a step and order the medication from dr osaye,now i can finally testify and say thank you doctor from the deepest of my heart the food pyramid was wrong then? a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube for helping me getting rid off my five years old type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel thank you. i've gained 100 pounds since menopause. i will try what this doctor suggests. rip the invisible rainbow.. dives into all health issues from being overweight to heart disease to diabetes. open your mind to the electric nature of our system i eat a ton of organic red potatoes a week with salmon and i'm very lean and healthy. red potatoes also make me feel great! curious, any reason why i should change? \"it doesnt make sense\"\nmodern medicine is not about cure but about management.\ndiet is part of cure and not recognized by medicine.\nive heard dr's get about 45 min of nutrition in med school.\nsarah very nice delivery:) i'm surprised the honesty in your presentation was allowed. dr. sarah's diabetic video is the very first one that i have ever watched all the way through. to me the doctor was knowledgeable and helpful and friendly and kept my interest. i wanted to hear so much more about foods that i can and can not eat. i thought to myself this doctor knows what she is saying and i am going to do what she suggest that i do. i am devastated by the news i have heard about dr. sarah i don't know where to turn to, or will i find someone that can capture my thoughts and focus on the subject without my mind wandering. i send my regards to her family and friends. dr. sarah was a fantastic doctor and teacher i will most definitely miss her and i can't believe that i am saying all of this because this is not the norm for me , but i am speaking from my heart. thank you dr. sarah and her family and friends. god bless you dr.obaedo on youtube for helping me cure my diabetes and now they have finally found a legitimate reason to discourage nicotine products. it prevents insulin from working. add alcoholic beverages which contain megatons of sugar, and it seems all roads lead to legalizing pot, or we continue to die off too young. i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes disease to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective and cures diabetes completely. does anyone know when dr. hallberg was advocating low carbs by no grains does she also include no beans, lentils as well? if u have t2d, eat lots of avocados, fish and veggies..and intermittent fastings complex carbs are a necessity for high level athletes. especially those involved in high endurance sports... running, basketball, soccer, etc. the average person needs a lot, lot lot lot lot lot less. id you are sedintary..... very little to none this is amazing everyone, i used dr aluda on youtube herbal medication for one month and my herpes virus and hpv were gone, i went for check up 3 days ago and my dr said am negative.. i just wanna express my gratitude to dr igudia on youtube for curing my type 2 diabetes with his herbal medication. god will bless you dr igudia i'm so sorry i just found her video, after listening i went to read the comments and then i read that she had passed away.. may god bless her soulrip r.i.p doc! please go on dr ogudugu youtube channel and claim your own permanent herpes cure good video !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the covid-19 shots are the cause of sudden onset of cancer. we must break the central tenet of health commodification controlled by the forces of marketplace. this lecture is a perfect pitch to break that status quo. this is amazing!! a lot if great pointers even if you're not insulin resistant! we miss you, sarah! thanks for all you do dr oiwoh on youtube you have a good heart keep on the good deed towards getting people cured may god always blsss you. thanks for all you do dr oiwoh on youtube you have a good heart keep on the good deed towards getting people cured may god always blsss you. reverse diabetes and quit metformin those maintenance medicines i totally agree it can be done the well-intentioned doctor never asks (or answers) why people develop insulin resistance in the first place. seems like that is the right question to look at. see dr barnard on this question. bless those helped by sarah hallberg and and this great presentation. she was great and i am sad to hear of her passing. bless her legacy and her patients, family and friends. she was spot on in this presentation.\nthe take away i think is most important is for everyone to take responsibility for their own health and what fuels them best. i think if and alkaline keto are best for me because they take the best of both plant and paleo. but there are way more important factors. diet while important is not the only lifestyle factor for improving and healing type 2 diabetes or any other other disease or condition. some animal based and some plant based people do well and some do not. food is best nutrient dense, diverse, quality, local, non-gmo, low, organic or no spray and very fresh... eaten in low to moderate amounts, eaten outdoors with prayer and thanksgiving all critical and overlooked. also if folks understand their ancestry and genetics and they practice to lower all their toxicities and shore up all of their deficiencies these are stronger factors. so many factors...light is more about health than food and psychological and spiritual factors are weighty as well. i did not even cover serious so scat or drug toxins.\nfrom movement to purpose there are so very many more factors. ingesting less than 50 carbs per meal had me losing weight consistently and i could not stop it unless i added the carbs. i was eating 20-40 carbs max per meal and my glucose was staying low but i was losing 1-3 lbs per day. dietician/diabetes nutritionist had me increase to 65 carbs per meal(3 meals) daily. so i think there is a caveat to minimizing your carb intake. also, my coronary arterial scan was 0. now at 65grams/ carbs per main meal, i am maintaining body weight. i am also in the gym at minimum of 5 days per week.\ni had a couple of bouts with amyotrophy so i don't think this is good advice for someone experiencing diabetic amyotrophy. sounds like she is pushing the \"keto\" diet as well. thanks to a man call dr allen for helping me get rid of my herpes with his natural herbs drallenben &&&...... i cant understand how she has cellulite on her arms even...\ndr sarahs diet is so unhealthy it killed her via cancer. apparently her immune system was so weak from lack of sugar it couldnt fight off the cancer.\nhuman immune system runs on sugar. i will be forever grateful for dr. sarah. my condolences to her precious husband and family. gone but i will never forget this pioneer in diabetic reversal. de bernstein is your pioneer omg, i just found out about dr sarah's passing.\nthis was the video that started my investigation into keto.\nnow, 40kg lighter (and still losing), my gp is stunned at the improvement in my diabetes.\nthank you dr sarah. watch for the car crash! hey there... really interested in hearing about your experience with cholesterol and the increased fats in keto if your willing to share sugar isn't food, it's a flavouring. sugar isn't food, it's poison! nooo! not the potatoes! let me take this moment to share with you all how i cured my types 2 diabetes disease with the herbs supplements i got from dr igudia on youtube after so many years of suffering from diabetes she makes perfect sense: rational, simple, understandable. what stops us to think & follow? i followed. and i'm glad i did. anyone talking like this is trouble for those in power... their time is coming to an end. what a beautiful sole we have lost how do you know if you a type one or a type 2 diabetic.\nmy opinion is that quit a lot of diabetics is classified as a diabetic 1 bit that is actually wrong. can you test if there is insulin in you blood. only the insulin. dr angela poff says, \"some people might take very severe carbohydrate restriction to actually enter a state of __ketosis_____.\"\nsusan cameron\nscameron111 i have been in ketosis since 2018. low carb saved my life. it almost sounds like the diabetes association is being told by the diabolical ama to keep us either sick or on our way to being sick so that you know how it goes money money i have a friend who had used nze njoku herbal home traditional herbs on (google) to treat arthritis and high blood pressure and for some years now he looks normal. from severe pain always a sick guy now he looks so healthy and enjoying normal productive life praise god her facial expressions resemble amy cuddy imo. why do i get the feeling that metformin was invented before complex carbs, which were only invented because they needed a reason to convince people that they needed metformin? i'm here. just diagnosed. i'm now in the club. how do i get out? amazing. thank you doctor for having the courage to speak out against main stream health advice. i wish i was type 2 instead of type 1 then i could just eat better and exercise i was just diagnosed with type 2, earlier this week. i think i have this insulin resistant, even with 200mg insulin my glucose is still 400-550. this information is life-changing. i have never ate much sugar or processed carbs. thank you for posting this. dr. hallberg, i watched this many times and also forwarded the link or the video to friends. you have an inspiring way of putting the story together. i salute you for the great work and the fantastic contribution to the humankind civilization.\nso i admit you were one of the inspiring health care revolution leaders that i followed and learned from or triggered my interest on focusing or researching a specific issue.\nstarted in april 2021 up to sept. 2020, i spent an average of 10 hours daily researching and studying diseases as well as experimenting cure by the use of nutrition therapy. indeed, after built an 8 tera-digital library with 5 tera well organized materials. the outcome was a development of a nutritional protocol that can completely cure chronic diseases including high blood pressure, diabetes, and epilepsy. i have one case of epilepsy feeling great for the last 2 years without experiencing any attacks or seizures. my protocol is just basic communication with the body that involves triggering the human body to start a self healing process which is very safe and fast and i believe it is good for all chronic diseases.\ni was blessed that i was able to research and get very useful videos, studies nd reports by scientists and doctors who do not believe in what is called modern medicine, the sales representatives of chemical companies (pharmaceuticals). after i was able to comprehended their conclusions, i started thinking and linking, experimenting, reaching my own decisions based on my own outcomes. thank you it's better the world get to know about a herbal cure for diabetes\ni was recommended to dr gboya on youtube and he never let me down he cured me after years of suffering live long and be blessed doc . it's better the world get to know about a herbal cure for diabetes\ni was recommended to dr gboya on youtube and he never let me down he cured me after years of suffering live long and be blessed doc . i give all thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured i and my daughter from herpes virus with his herbs medication which i ordered from him our \"great\" medical system is profit driven, and not single payer. so why is anybody surprised?\nsame with the prison system. big pharma are criminals thanks for sharing doctor, god bless you i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. is it not strange that many of the health pioneers and low carb-anti big pharma/big food speakers end up dead after telling truths like \"there is a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick\"...hmmm...hasn't some more dark parts of the cia reaserched weaponized cancer with help of viruses and emf-radiation...\"cancer is a very convenient assassination tool\"...isn't it? 12:00 rules rip dr. halberg. really loved this ted talk when it came out. let me take this moment to share with you all how i cured my types two diabetes with the herbs supplements i got from dr igudia on youtube after so many years of suffering from diabetes dr igudia on youtube is indeed the right one to contact if you are suffering from types 2 diabetes because i have used his nature herbs medication and it cured my diabetes and also that of my sister too. the keto diet is highly acidic. cancer thrives in a highly acidic environment. this lady died of cancer, this should give people pause. condolences to the family. respect from australia. but what about the videos that come up after this one. the human diet is vegetarian and starch based according to those doctors from 9 years ago! i never believe i could get rid off my diabetes disease not until i came across dr igudia youtube channel and after using his herbs medication that was the end of my diabetes disease thank you, rip gods son christ jesus died on the cross for our sins so that by believing in him we can have life...belief in christ jesus be a free gift from the father, given to them [ through thee hearing of heth words ] whom he hath chosen for salvation visit dr. ikpoko on youtube today for your herpes, ovarian cancer, throat cancer permanent elimination and any other deadly diseases like hiv and fibroids. i want to personally thank and recommend anyone here suffering from type 2 diabetes disease to dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes disease with his natural herbs supplements which works perfectly fine with no side effects my husband was able to cure his type 2 diabetes disease permanently with the natural herbs supplements we ordered from dr igudia on youtube and i encourage you all to try his natural herbs supplements liar very gd informy i have never been more confused. i lost 110 lbs in 9 months on atkins in 1998. but bp was always high. 2017 keto for 4 years. never got lean. but lost weight but also almost lost my life as my gallbladder was impacted into my liver. took me 6 months to recover. i have done if with keto - bp still high. i researched dr esselstyn, klaper, gregor & dr mcdougal - went plant based. no oil. sleep & digestion improved but gained weight. a lot of weight despite switching caloric intake. i watched spudfit lose over a 100 lbs eating potatoes for a year and have perfect blood work. i do it and gain weight i have done it all in every combination i have read numerous plant based books, carnivore books, wheat belly, grain brain, mediterranean & the list goes on. continued conflicting info. i'm ready to just settle for air at this point. 40 years of research. low carb = bp high. plant based = weight gain. and that is wholefoods not vegan junk food. i need to see the reputable plant based dr's in a lecture with dr jason fung. all have helped millions with opposite ways of eating. more victims no grains? really but only if you have diabetes right? no grains for anyone. ever. so true. 0:51 the ammount of bs in span of 15 second can make even horse brain dead. for gods sake, delete this video, please ! interesting, so the ada wants you to take medications instead of eating a healthful diet! not to mention the recent cost increases for medication. as a side note, most of the doctors i've ever spoken to had either zero nutritional advice to give or it was contrary to being in good health. this gives me hope. just diagnosed today a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube for helping me getting rid off my five years old diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel are you saying diabetics shouldn't eat sugar? wow what a novel idea. stop wasting people's time. so sad to hear of her passing. prayers still going out for her family. such a brave , smart and caring doctor! i will take her advice and apply it to my diet. her legacy definitely lives on. she will continue to help people for years to come. a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube for helping me to cure my hsv1&2 with his natural herbs medication. may god continue to bless your good work sir. this might be the best video on this subject that i have watched. believe me, i have watched a lot of them. thank you so much. it is a great video jan dullea sorry about her passing. but, as she would probably recommend a non-traditional procedure, there is a cheap shoe insole, podophylus, that has worked great in drying foot wounds quickly. etsy has it. no infection no amputation... may you rest in peace, and god bless your soul. dr. you might need security. this information is a serious threat to big pharma. thank you for your knowledge!! this is a wonderful video. fast people fast .... our whole medical system in the usa is setup to relieve symptoms, not determine and remove or mitigate the cause. so we have patients, not healed healthy individuals that are educated to heal themselves and keep healthy. that does not produce revenue and make stockholders happy. thank you dr sarah i have type 2 diabetes since adopting your programme 5 weeks ago i have lost 13 pounds and feel absolutely great. you have changed my life. may you sleep in peace. i believe as passionately in the resurrection of the dead to a new life as you did in your crusade to reverse type 2 diabetes. i look forward to seeing you again. @diana siltanen thank you. beautifully said she didn't mention it but fructose must be processed in the liver, so a high fructose diet will cause a fatty liver eventually. this in itself leads to insulin resistance. the illusion is that fruit may not raise blood sugar much, but don't be deceived. if you have a fatty liver you need to at least consider getting off of fructose until your fatty liver clears, and then add the fruit back in little by little. small amounts of fruit on an empty stomach won't hurt anybody with a healthy liver, but we use fruit for dessert and that is a fermentation bomb (inflammation bomb). we also tend to overeat it, another mistake to overload the liver. she made a lot of sense, even though i admit that i don't usually trust women who wear puke-blue pants (har). i would only add that there is a difference (according to a spanish doc) between carbs and starches. the carbs can be found in many foods like tubers, but starches would be like grains which encapsulate the carbs with an indigestible fiber. this, according to him, causes indigestibility that produces fermentation in the gut. this ends up being inflammatory. so think about bread and pizza and how ubiquitous they are in the us diet. connected to all the chronic insulin resistance/disease? doesn't everyone know this by now? i still can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his natural supplements which i got from him after i contacted him on his youtube channel. thanks a lot! everyone in the comments seemed to totally buy in to everything she said. maybe some of it is true. she lost my interest quickly and i didn't care to watch the rest.\nmy point; keep an open mind. you do not have to agree with all that she says. after hearing her first minute she lost credibility. this lady is a hero. what a fantastic job - really making a difference. this video is so inspiring. so much love for this soul last comment half way through video. now...i realize this soul shall be blessed! rip excellent presentation, i'm changing tomorrow i wish every so-called \"doctor\" would be like dr. hallberg, caring and actually interested in healing people. everyone should follow her recommendations. cut out the carbs and junk food! truth! your generosity towards my health issues is\nincomparable,you assured me of getting healed\nand here i am strong and healthy thank you dr\noiwoh on youtube i will let the world know about\nyour kind gesture. your generosity towards my health issues is\nincomparable,you assured me of getting healed\nand here i am strong and healthy thank you dr\noiwoh on youtube i will let the world know about\nyour kind gesture. invest in medicine not weapons! i will always keep the good news going that dr gboya on youtube have a permanent cure there is hope his herbal remedy is the best. i will always keep the good news going that dr gboya on youtube have a permanent cure there is hope his herbal remedy is the best. i've learnt a lot from you dr osaye ,i bless today for the the day i contacted you , i finally went for a diabetes test and i was tested negative after 1 month of using his herbal medication i thank you dr from day one i always know that no problem doesn't have a solution,but still i was thinking of how to get rid of my diabetes because i couldn't stand it anymore,but i was suddenly recommended to dr osaye due to the testimonies i saw, i also saw him on instagram and then ordered the medicine, i finally came out negative for my test result thanks dr i appreciate your kind gesture thanks for being the perfect doctor i found,i couldn't imagine living with hsv virus for the rest of my life, because it has been said that the virus cannot be cured,but thank god i finally got a cure and after 3 months i haven't seen any blisters and have been tested negative thank you so much dr you have a way of making things better thanks for being the perfect doctor i found,i couldn't imagine living with hsv virus for the rest of my life, because it has been said that the virus cannot be cured,but thank god i finally got a cure and after 3 months i haven't seen any blisters and have been tested negative thank you so much dr you have a way of making things better i sincerely appreciate the work of dr igudia on youtube who helped me with his natural herbs medication which i used in curing my diabetes once and for all. thanks dr osaye for being the perfect doctor i found,i couldn't imagine living with hsv virus for the rest of my life,because it has been said that the virus cannot be cured,but thank god i finally got a cure and after 3 months i haven't seen any blisters and have been tested negative thank you so much dr you have a way of making things better humbly appreciate your kind gesture dr osaye,you have always able to help with any health issues,the herpes virus was something the world thought has no cure but i'm happy to say today that i've been cured and i'm glad to have you as my doctor my hubby has just been diagnosed with t2d, i just this minute discovered dr s. j.dran-hallberg & now just just discovered of her passing, deepest condolences to her family may her videos be our savior, i'm so great i found her this way this is terrible information, it's no wonder she died of cancer. please consider watching dr. neal barnard's discussion on the same topic. or what the health if you want a deep dive. thank god that i already found a herbal cure to the diabetes,it wasn't easy going through pain and shame in all part of the body,for the fact that the virus was so critical,i was unable to get married, but i still do thank god that in every situation he finds a way out thanks dr osaye for being the god sent so happy i got recommended to you thank god that i already found a herbal cure to the hemorrhoids,it wasn't easy going through pain and shame in all part of the body,for the fact that the virus was so critical,i was unable to get married, but i still do thank god that in every situation he finds a way out thanks dr osaye for being the god sent so happy i got recommended to you thank god that i already found a herbal cure to the hemorrhoids,it wasn't easy going through pain and shame in all part of the body,for the fact that the virus was so critical,i was unable to get married, but i still do thank god that in every situation he finds a way out thanks dr osaye for being the god sent so happy i got recommended to you wow:) food pyramid designed by the department of agriculture, to sustain the demand for high volume grain production.... base of pyramid is all carbs, top is protein and fats in much smaller quantities.. so sorry to hear this sad news also.\ni hope these videos stay on here far as long as possible.\ncondolences to all her family and friends. rip beautiful lady.. you time on earth has helped many. you have fought a good fight, you've finished your course, you've kept the faith, and for those of us that are here listening to you, may the time and effort you put in this, not go in vain.. was, this is surprising! what fats do we eat? not enough info. can we eat meat and if yes what meat? i'm confused. i've just been diagnosed with diabetes...help! three words dr eric berg for my body, i didn't lose weight on keto diet until i started intermittent fasting as well. then i lost like 15 pounds in 30 days! also found that it was easy to gain weight on keto if i ate enough keto snacks/bombs, lol !!! mam....wt to eat then...so tht we can feel full once i got into ketosis on the keto diet, i naturally lost my appetite and did not feel like i needed to eat much. the very smart person better be careful, big insulin is gonna try to silence her all the easy suggestions without considering the natural need for exercise.... ??? exercise is hard, but immensely valuable. really! well yes i agree with you bad food! but also, one can cure diabetes that simple! with simple protocol and immediate! this has me questioning me vegan diet. gotta love sarah hallberg. she will be greatly missed. ~ great information for those new to metabolism education cutting carbs is fine and dandy, but being a vegetarian makes it almost impossible. thinking of the hallberg children today, on mother's day. so true and also so very sad that yet another doctor who exposes the system and educates us on food as healing instead of drugs has died. youtube dr. ken berry channel. this beautiful woman was a profit - and i extend condolence to her family, friends, and colleagues. heaven has a new angel = for sure. i always have a positive taught towards dr oiwoh on youtube herbal remedies and it worked for me i conquered diabetes at last all thanks to you doc i always have a positive taught towards dr oiwoh on youtube herbal remedies and it worked for me i conquered diabetes at last all thanks to you doc i once had a diabetic patient tell me they needed to eat cookies in the afternoon bc of their medication. this is new to me! thank you!!!! where can i find a good diet recommendations? especially since the \"experts\" are not helping? marks daily apple is a good start. he's a good researcher -- loads of info on the website. this is my first time listening to dr. sarah and really enjoyed this. she speaks the truth unlike many doctors today. i am so sad to learn she has passed away. there is no money in healthy people, no money in dead people but there is a lot of money in sick people. am in jamaica can i be a part of your program pity low carb diets don't do anything to prevent cancers.. new houses purdue sucks !! what makes sense is drug companies have gotten away with a lot of suffering in order to profit dr. ekberg, did she passed away? i did it. you can do it, too.\ni gave up bread, rice, pasta, potatoes, juice, sweets, all fast food. cold turkey. and i walked 20 minutes every day. within 2 weeks i no longer craved any of those foods and in 2 months i was off insulin. another 3 weeks and i was off metformin, too. that was 11 years ago. my a1c was 11.8 when diagnosed. it has been in the 5's every test in past 11 years. i refuse to be diabetic. i refuse to live on a merry-go-round of drugs that treat one symptom and cause another. that's not living. @planner38 says who???? we all need carbs, i don't know what you're talking about. again, everything has to be balanced but we do need carbs. i thought that too and i got my body in a very scary place. i guess you'll learn that when you need to. did you cut out certain meats?? thank you @onajourney life i am not a doctor but would be happy to answer any questions you care to ask me about my own journey as you go down this path. thank you 7 years in the future intermittent diet rules!! and what is considered as a low carb meal? dr over here says that if you have diabete you should take between 45-60g of carb per meal. she says its way too much, but people don't even know what they eat/drink. a simple cup of milk is 12g. what do we have to do? drink water and eat only vegetables? an amazing person.\nmay she rest in peace.\nrespect. i never realized diabetes is caused from eating animal products i thought it was eating sweets. i see the industry just wants to keep you sick and uneducated no sugar and no insulin. eat raw salads with olive oil and apple cider vinegar. problem solved. next please... how sad to know she has been taken by cancer. today 5/4/22 is my first day knowing of her, and very shortly into her video i hit the subscribe because i knew she was a sincere good soul trying to help so many in need. then 10 minutes later i see the comments of her passing, and it's shocking, we all have to go someday, she was taken way too soon. my heart hurts, very sad... i am shocked that wanna be experts have not come on and told her where she is wrong. you know, since everyone is an expert at everything but we somehow still have lots of problems. thank you dr hallberg. this video was the first time that i became aware that t2d can be reversed. i am deeply grateful this just reinforces my belief that most docs are working for pharma not their patients. they dont want us to get well, they just want us to keep taking meds. that's why they prescribe meds rather than an appropriate diet. wow i have been counseled by the va by a \"certified rn nurse diabetic specialist\" on what to eat etc. i adhered to what she told me to the \"t\" and saw little progress. i was then told to talk to a nutritionist at the va and she told me to ignore everything i was previously told and eat fatty meats and other different things. i kind of gave up listening to anyone until i saw this video. very sorry for her family's loss. glad i found this, just got diagnosed with diabetes type 2. what about someone who is type 2 diabetic and stage 5 ckd, from the diabetes? lose weight. end of my ted talk. this was done in 2015 & now it's 2022 & still no cure for type 2 diabetes & we are nowhere close to the cure. everything has carbs what to do!? rice, bread, chapatis, rotis, porridge, etc., has almost cured a 52 years old woman suffering from diabetes through natural medicine. has almost cured a 52 years old woman suffering from diabetes through natural medicine. has almost cured a 52 years old woman suffering from diabetes through natural medicine. she's extremely smart even in her passing she continues to touch and improve our lives. i have hope because of her. the world definitely needs more doctors like her. may god provide her family friends and coworkers the strength and peace her loss has brought. i'm hurting and i didn't even know her. her legacy will live on. i share the sentiment. feel a personal sense of loss with her passing. rip dr sarah madam what's your credentials:\nthere is no single physician on earth encourages diabetic patients to eat carbs. she is portarying mds as devils to portray herself as a saint. listen! for diabetes carbs and fats are equally bad. protein and veges & fruits are good along with physical exercise. this woman almost certainly saved my life. she led me to believe i could heal myself of effects of diabetes and i have. she will be terribly missed. i hope she is flying with the angels. hi, i am very very sorry, for i did not know, god has taken her soul. may be he needs her. may god give her loved ones, the courage to face the loss.... i am late to know, but very very saddened by the news. very very interesting and easy to understand, description of how insulin harmone works in our body. thank you sara. if you can take some more pain, to release more info based videos, on obesity and diabetes.. it will help lots and lots of misguided diabetic patients. as commented by dr sten, you have good courage to swim against tide. thanks again sad to hear she passed from lung cancer. i was diagnosed with dipnech after a lobectomy in 2020. i appreciate that she said \"anyone with lungs can get lung cancer\" because many people blame themselves. i hadn't smoked cigarettes since 2003. my surgeon, who is phenomenal btw, is doing research on two factors that stand out with lung disease : being a woman and having hormones. check out dr. neil barnard/ diabetes. for a completely different view. what's wrong with walking eyes wet!!!! i truelly believe god collects his most beautiful and precious spirits early from this earth for more special purpose with the almighty spirit who is god not flesh!!!!!! i am cutting my carbs, until i eliminate them. i believe in dr sarah, thank you so much for this video, saw it just now. rip, doctor. i'm a type 2 diabetic and take metformin and glyburide. i have found that if i go by the \"guidelines\" my levels are erratic. i have found that if i eat whatever i want, my levels are great. granted, i don't eat a lot of what i want but it curbs my appetite when i do, and i feel better. if i want a slice of pecan pie, i halve the slice of pie. if i want something from mcdonald's, i'll get me a big mac but forego the french fries. my blood sugars in the mornings eating this way range from 60 to 80. if i eat like the doctor recommends, then my sugar runs 120 to 240 in the mornings. people need to try different ways to eat. every person is different. what works for me might not work for others. full obesity is an illness but it is mental illness. we live our lives in our mind. it is lack of self control that starts the obesity to begin with.once you are obese - you become diabetic and it snow balls. i am wondering what your success rate is in getting people to slim down.. you are arm chair doctor. you are not the surgeon who is fighting the bulging mass to try to do surgery on these people or tackling complications that happen just because of obesity. if you were at receiving end of tackling the physical mass if these people - you will have a totally different feeling i can see why she may no longer be with us. she is killing the diabetes money making industry in 1 ted talk. what a passionate lady with a positive message. rest in peace, dr. hallberg. amazing person. she had a huge purpose here. i need to have this video on a recurring appt for every 2-3 months. i literally flush it out of my system with the help of dr. ogudugu on youtube natural herbal medication which i ordered after doing some research. and now i'm hsv-2 negative. your good deed toward humanity is incomparable thank you dr gboya on youtube for your kind gesture toward helping people i recommend him. it's because they put msg in their food mountains of msg and sugar just listened to a peter attia podcast called the drive where he interviewed her and she had so much information to share. she also shared some of the journey through cancer and the healthcare system. she will be missed. i never believed herbs could be so effective to eradicate my type 2 diabetes until i came across dr ogoh on youtube, afters 2 months of taking the medication which i ordered for. i got cured completely. with the love, care and treatment from you doctor, i really appreciate you doctor. i know someone who had type-2 diabetes and they did exactly what she is talking about. they cut carbs to 60g per day. it was a big hassle, it required weighing everything they ate and checking against a table of carb values. after a few years,the diabetes went away and they were able to start eating more carbs. i never believed herbs could be so effective to eradicate my type 2 diabetes until i came across dr ogoh on youtube, afters 2 months of taking the medication which i ordered for. i got cured completely. with the love, care and treatment from you doctor, i really appreciate you doctor. sugar was never the problem, it's what you put the sugar on we knew nothing thousands of years ago, your conf was great, your last comment not so much.\npeople didn't even know they had diabetes at that time. and if they ate less carbs, it's just that they had less access to them not because they knew better, the ancestors argument is bs.\nnow agroindustry adds sugar to everything, and you have sodas with loads of sugar in kids cafeterias at school and they give recommendations of having 5 fruits per day as if having so much sugar would be healthy.\nit's not about old knowledge, it's about marketing and deliberate poisoning of the population, almost as criminal as tobacco industries or for a long time the lead in the fuel. ist this only in the us? i am from austria/europe and have never heard, that people with diabetes have to eat carbohydrates. here the should not eat carbohydrates and specially rice is the worst, the are told. thank you for existing , we need more people like you in the world, honest,keep doing what you do dr. ikpoko on youtube, i'm now hsv1&2 negative after using your herbal supplement do you think her diet helped her cancer? animal products cause cancer dr. osato's cure for herpes1&2 - a natural way to get herpes1&2 cured. if you have been looking for ways to naturally get rid of the herpes simplex virus from your body totally, then you are welcome to read further. let's face reality here, you have tried so many counter drugs and you are confused, weak and angry because nothing seems to work. good news for you my friend.... yes, i came with good news that will liberate you from the pains and stress of herpes outbreak, you will get total cure from this virus using dr. osato herbal methodology. you can reach dr osato on his youtube channel=uchufkt9rtlbow1p19gywhyq the government has let big pharma and big food sell us out for a buck. statins increase type 2 diabetes by around 50%. rest easy sarah and thank you for saving our lives <3 there is zero money in the cure. so why would any of us doubt that the advice given to us from the medical community (which is sponsored by big pharma) is to eat more of what is causing the exact same symptonms that led us to the medicine to begin with..... and big pharma's pockets just get bigger as we die. roots and herbs supplements remains the best remedy to eliminate hsv1&2 completely. i ordered dr. ikpoko on youtube channel natural roots and herbs product which he sent to me and gave me the prescription on how to take the supplements for 21 days, after which i went for test and my lab results came out negative for hsv...dr. ikpoko is the best herbal doctor to give you a complete cure for any kinds of sti & stds what is 'eating fats'? if anybody can help. may god bless dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i got from him after seeing a lot of reviews from people who used his medications and got cured. thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs with i got from him and i can tell you all that his natural herbs medication are the best in curing diabetes disease. those pants are a huge no!\never rest in piece. the ada and it's \"backers\" disliked this video self responsibility is tough, being obese is a choice. i was obese, my lifestyle was what was killing me, not misinformation from healthcare workers. your health has to be your own priority see dr mcdougall or mastering diabetes channel how about eating cooked whole grains and chewing your every bite more than 80 times? didnt think so. if we just took time with out food and cultivated better self care many things would change i want to say, i have rarely ever been hungry. i had weight loss surgery in 2009. now hunger is even more rare, yet, i want to put food in my mouth all the time. where do i go with this? the healing rate of my tinnitus and my tuberculosis the very first time i apply and use the medicine dr madida sent me, it cultivated a good impression in me that it is gonna work and it did work because right now i don't longer experience tinnitus and tuberculosis effects anymore that i use to experience because the conditions is completely gone and my junior brother used anosmia treatment from them too and he is cured also. we have factual evidence that type ii diabetes can be reversed by proper diet. green salads for one year goes a long way. funny that a whole plant based diet has reversed type 2 diabetes. not all curbs are the same. like how a ted talk proving to reverse 2 diabetes gets 2 million views and this one get 34 million. everyone wants to hear their bad habits can cure them. go watch tackling diabetes with a bold new dietary approach: neal barnard at tedxfremont. not eating carbs the way she is talking about leads to heart disease and many other health issues awesome is how i feel now, unbelievably in a couple days i tested negative, thanks to the help of dr mados whom i met here on youtube oh my god, i am so sorry. just enjoying this video when i got words here that dr. sarah hallberg just passed away of cancer. how sad. i hope her legacy lives on. excellent video. wow!!!! so sad. i'm just seeing this 2day! never seen her b4. sorry to here this dr. thank u for leaving us the truth! just like dr. sebi, but with meat. ur truths helps ppl and the enemy who's losing money due to healing ppl are taking ppl out. smh rih. having herpes simplex virus is not the end of life, i got cured after using dr. ikpoko herbal supplement thank you so much dr osaye for fulfilling your trust,i and my lovely wife are very greatfull for your help with the herbal medicine for the type two diabetes,it hasn't been easy suffering with that after so many years ,i'm so great-full i really can't stop thanking dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with the natural herbs medication which i got from him on his youtube channel. i suffered from diabetes disease for over 9 years before i saw a lot of testimonies from different people here on youtube about dr igudia on youtube who cured their type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication and i also contacted dr igudia his natural herbs medication are indeed the best treatment and cure to diabetes stop bending over when you emphasize a point. she said the magic word! money. i've been saying this for decades. she is right on target! i wonder if the drug company's kill her, you know they could ,elon and his fight for free speech might find him self her too ,i do not trust america anymore i am shocked! how on green earth a healthy vibrant person like her dies in lung cancer ?! ...all of a sudden... what kind of fu...kery is this ?! how did this happen?! why noone is asking these questions?! this diet is the best thing that happened to humans. call it \"keto\" or whatever...and them boom!..she gets sick and gone...who did this to her...? see her interview with peter attia plants are carbohydrates. carbohydrates are sugar. don't consume sugar. @user you mean when you have thyroid disease? if i measure your kindness dr ogie ,it'll be a 100% because you firstly made me believe in myself, my family,and your medicine i then had the courage to use it, you permanently cured my loving husband from type two diabetes if i measure your kindness dr ogie ,it'll be a 100% because you firstly made me believe in myself, my family,and your medicine i then had the courage to use it, you permanently cured my loving husband from type two diabetes listened to her ted talk the first time as i lay in my hospital bed after just being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes the last week of march. she gave me hope that i could be ok. rest in peace and godspeed! you've touched so many! just got diagnosed june 14th 2022... my a1c is 6.7 and glucose 110. i'm so afraid but after listening to her ted talk has helped me tremendously. i wish you complete wellness as we're both on this journey. keeps the good work dr. ikpoko on youtube, the universe needs to know about your cure a lot of people here in the usa has this virus a plant based doctor would have a wildly different interpretation of how to resolve the insulin resistance issue..\nshort version-if you a stop eating animal products, then your body can properly absorb glucose. yes i'm sorry to hear of the doctors passing. she was very knowledgeable and helpful. i have learned that item call pau d'arco from the bark of a tree in south america help stabilize her blood sugars to ward off diabetes also \"there is lots of money in keeping you sick!\" i love you! thank you for speaking truth to power! (and non-power). you must have been a \"conspiracy theorist\"! , thank you from my heart! i'm so sorry to hear that she died from lung cancer! so, this just in from \"big pharma\" : the keto-diet causes lung cancer! unless you want lung cancer, all you people who got off of our great insulin shots better go back to eating carbs and come back to our proven science...now this from our sponsors nabisco and kellogg's! six years on a low-carb diet. i gained 45 pounds. i became diabetic. i went from taking a pill a day to taking the maximum amount of three kinds of pills. i needed to add 120 units of insulin per day. my total cholesterol was 220.\ni switched to a whole-foods plant-based and no oil diet 2.5 months ago. my total cholesterol for 2 monthly checkups has been 153. my a1c is 5.4. on both of my fasting bg tests arterial, not by finger stick, i was at 72 both times. after my first month's labs, my doctor reduced my insulin by 20 units. after my second month's lab was also 72 he reduced my insulin by ten more units. i have lost 16 pounds. also, my liver enzymes became normal in my second month. my doctor has taken me off of my cholesterol medication. at the very least this proves the best diet for everyone is a myth. she did not compare the low-carb diet to the wfpb no oil. so her findings might be valid for me also though if i were eating the ada diet. so glad you spoke up a plant based diet is highly inflammatory for some. i have to disagree with some of what dr. hallberg said here, but not for the reason that you think. while i agree with her what-to-eat advice, i have to disagree with her assessment of how our medical community is handling this disease. i was diagnosed type 2 diabetes after giving birth to my second son. after that, every pamphlet i was given, every visit with a nutritionist and every doctor visit mentioned that diabetics must test their own blood sugar, that carbs are the enemy, and that blood sugar must be kept be kept within a certain range. and this was over 20 years ago! the proper information was literally everywhere. anybody who does what they say would know if they are having too many carbs. it's also common knowledge now that you can have healthy fats like olive oil, avocado and nuts. none of this was hard to figure out. do you wanna know why they tell people that they can have 40-60 carbs with a meal? it's because the average american meal contains much more than that. this is the level that nutritionists and doctors can realistically get people to cut back to. the medical profession in my decades of being diabetic has never said that carbs weren't the problem. however, i do know that they struggle with overall american food culture. cutting back on carbs and losing weight is unendingly advised and makes a huge difference for many people. as for me, i am happy, thin and active at 114 lbs - but no diet in the world is going to make my diabetes go away and i will always need medication. i don't know about generally, but for my particular situation, i don't see a conspiracy between the medical profession and medication sellers. i see a pharmacy industry that is saving my life and medical professionals that feel not listened to by the majority of their diabetic patients. this is so sad. she faced a great deal of resistance but persisted. for those seeking more detail and a thorough look at the research supporting the \"no drug\" solution, read the diabetes code by dr. jason fung, md. he is a nephrologist (kidney doc) who did exactly everything wrong, then woke up one day. he is one of those carrying the torch for dr. sarah. amen! i have felt this way for many years i just found out that dr. sarah just recently passed. what a tragic loss. she was dispensing priceless information that aided so many, including myself, in reversing this plague call diabetes. she will be missed. i'm very impressed by her ethical standards to abide in her swearing to the hippocrates oath. most physicians go into that field of work for financial purposes, very few do it to actually try and help the patient get healthier or cure the patient. her lack of greed & honesty probably has her resting in peace up above where good people go to rest. i hope the work and words she left behind help educate & succeed in bringing wellness to hundreds of diabetic suffers. blessings & may the grace of god heal us all! very well said! i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes december 13th 2021 i lost 7 stones in weight exercising and liminting carbs to 50 a day max full remission 31st march 2022 when i asked my dr. about controlling diabetes with dr. hallberg's advice i was told, \"your diabetes will get worse, you will need more medication over time and will eventually die from the disease.\" found out then that if you want to get barred from a medical group of providers, simply disagree with your doctor. doesn't matter if you are nice about it.\nluckily i found a local naturalpath to work with, and yes i am here to tell you that dr. hallberg's advice absolutely works. it took 2 weeks from when i started until my blood sugar readings became consistently normal. you got to ask the question? why is this behaviour going on, it seems like the food industry and pharmaceutical are joined at the hip a win/win for profit? like the witch hunts in the past, drown your dead, float we burn you? we were/are taught to eat carbs by the shitload! then you get help when you turn diabetic and told to keep eating carbs and given expensive meds? i just came across this video and read some of the comments about her passing. i'm so saddened by the news. i hope she knew how much she helped people. i needed this for myself and my mom. thank you may she rest in peace. thank you for helping all those you have over the years even while actively fighting cancer. you are an absolutely exceptional human being. except we do need fruit and vegetables and they are the better foods for you because they have healing vitamins and minerals. these are so important. thank you for all you've done. rest in peace, job well done. i don't know whether or not we are fortunate in the uk. we don't have to pay for medicines or medical treatments (we have the nhs system). this teaches us to rely upon what the doctor tells us and what we read. we are medically shepherded from cradle to grave. this in turn, psychologically speaking, encourages us to enact our dietary freedom and eat whatever we choose whenever we choose. financial issues are of no concern to us. unfortunately for americans, and generally globally speaking, carbohydrates are cheaper than proteins. bread is cheaper than beef. so in this way, cost may have a bearing on what and when we eat. rip sarah helped me turn my health and life around. i'm sad to hear hers ended. i never met her, just listened and applied. she made a difference, efficiently using the fleeting time we're given here. i'm thankful she did. coconut and almond flour i went from 187 to 180 pounds by just giving up one thing, chocolate bars. true story. bam! truth be told, again and again and again.... are you listening world? she changed lives. saved lives. so sad to learn of her passing. oh please. holy cow- big pharma is going to go after this poor girl. bc she's absolutely correct 100%! good thing they're saving $2k a year in insulin. that would cover part of the extra cost of only eating meat and fresh produce. i found this video very inspiring and will make an attempt to change my diet. it is tragic that dr. hallberg succumbed to cancer. it doesn't seem fair. regarded as one of the plants with potent properties used for controlling obsity gymnema diabeties ke lye best formula ha . from plnaet ayurveda she predicted the carnivore diet awesome video, thank you. such wise words. thank you. i wanted to come here and share a good word about the success i've had in two short months on her no gps diet, and i'm broken hearted to see she has passed. absolutely tragic!! :( great rules, #5 is extremely tough, does anyone know if she had by faith repented of her sins and received the lord jesus christ as her savior before she went out into eternity? oh, and please don't answer if you don't know the answer. thank you. \"and as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:\" vegetables are carbs. red pepper 9 grams, tomato 7 grams, romaine lettuce 1.5 grams, cucumber 4 grams, cabbage 5 grams. etc... she needed to distinguish between complex and simple carbs. i get that we don't need carbs but you better be taking a lot of vitamins on your all meat diet if you're 100% carb free. great talk other wise, very informative. what a shame to lose a dr. that actually cares about people and not $$$$. @liv the scarlet there is a book out called end your carb confusion by dr eric westman and amy berger. it is a game changer. good luck! @liv the scarlet carnivore is no carb..i think dr hallberg was using 30 total carbs for the day. @veggiegirl what other diet is \"no carb?\" can you give me links to it please i would like to learn. it is not a carnivore diet. so how do these carnivore diet people keep on living? will always remember this lady. i owe her a debt of gratitude for helping get started on keto. am now without meds after suffering from diabetes and two heart attacks including a heart bypass and have not been this healthy in more than 20 years thanks to her. the greatest tribute i can give to her is to continue what she was doing by sharing what i have learnt from her to as many people as i can even though i am not a doctor. thank you, sarah hallberg and your family. thank you from a grateful man and his family. did the doctor actually suggest keto?\n..i don't recall her pushing for the idea\n...in fact the opposite. am so happy to say this here that i am now type 1 free with the help of dretiko who i discover his youtube channel last month i share the sentiment. feel a personal sense of loss with her passing. rip dr sarah or.... go vegan there is vegan keto just listened to a re-broadcast of a podcast with her on dr. peter attia's channel. absolutely amazing and gut wrenching interview. rip dr., you will be missed rip max planck: science advances one funeral at a time.\na hormonally favorable diet does not spike igf-1. igf-1 is known to promote cancer development by inhibiting apoptosis and stimulating cell proliferation.\nthere are also foods that are angiogenesis inhibitors reducing risk of cancer growth and spread. hasta siempre, doctora. mil gracias por todo. dr igudia on youtube natural herbs medication is indeed the best natural herbs medication you can use in curing your type 2 diabetes disease permanently because i was once suffering from diabetes disease but with the help of his herbs i'm free from diabetes. right on! thank you for helping us think outside the box. you will be horribly missed; however, your legacy, dr. hallberg, will continue and gain momentum! very informative. sad to hear she passed away. i just got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and the first thing my doctor said is that were not putting you on medication right away, because we want to try to reverse it with diet and exercise. this is why i love my doctor. too many people and industries are okay with letting other people suffer as long as it makes them money. she died of lung cancer march 28, 2022 being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. @garden of eels\ntype 2 is also genetically passed on,\ndoes diet change that fact? same thing happened to me recently. it's going to be a challenge but i'm trying day by day no grains? civiizlations all around the world have lived on grains for thousands of years---please refrain from grain fearmongering. please use your discernment in recognizing whole grains as healthy carbs v. unhealthy processed carbs. a bowl of brown rice and lentils is not the same as doughnuts or doritos. so she died. oh well. i mean.....it is what it is. april 2022 and i have just found out she passed in march what a wonderful woman academic. i want to express my thanks and sympathies to her family and colleagues. she has left a great legacy may she rip. i loved her spirit and courage. may she rest in blessed peace....<3 i love dr osaye for a reason, and it's that he is really steadfast to his work and has a great idea for what he is doing, i really want to appreciate him for helping me get rid of my type two diabetes except they are absolutely to blame wonderful concept and very simply presented for the common people. we will miss u, dr sarah. rip. wow hats off dctr how can it be, 6 years on, that i have diabetic friends who are still being told to eat whatever they want, in moderation, spread over 6 meals per day?? so thankful for the work of dr. sarah hallberg and others on the same trail. @joel jimenez good to hear you've been given good info. unfortunately many doctors haven't kept up at all with newer information and know zip about diet/nutrition brilliant ... thank you they're not being told that, that's what they want to hear. low carb and sugar diet is the very first line of treatment for type 2 diabetes, they cover it not even 30 min into my nursing lecture lol rip doc. you started me on my health journey i do appreciate the emotional investment in this persuasion presentation. however, i still remember the times when fats were on the \"bully\" list especially animal-fats which appear to be actually the healthiest vs. plant-fats. now the carbs are on the \"hate\" list. in about 5 yrs from now the next generation of \"smart-pants-scientists\" will show the \"paramountness\" of carbs in diet along with the damage and toxicity of proteins. after about 20 years and millions of sick people (followers) we will arrive to the conclusion that a well-balanced-diet is the most desirable; meaning that we need all three of these but in the same proportions it can be found in natural food combinations. the only advice that will stand is \"do please eat less\" - have a good meal 1x/day. how much time, money and effort will go waste to arrive back where we started out.....? so so sad!!! we will miss you.. rest in peace dr. hallberg may you rest in peace waw, what an enthusiasm! loved watching this video. i tell this to my overweight patients all the time. rest in peace. no simple carbs. eating complex carbs keeps blood sugar levels steady not all carbs are bad. there is a big difference between the processed carbs in bread, pasta and sugar, and the natural carbs in vegetables. nature provides balanced food, factories don't. got my diagnosis 30 days ago , no mention of weight loss this visit. got my larger bottle of metformin . looked closely at it and decided i have 60 days for my next blood test . i fast i have lost 20 pounds. now its 33 pounds. still have not tried metformin potatoes no good? sweet potatoes, red potatoes not the exception? we will miss you dr. sarah. you were one of the pioneers in bringing a new health paradigm to the masses. it takes courage to go against the stream and tell people to do the opposite of the official guide lines in order to get healthy. thanks to your work, millions are better off. your legacy will live on. i'm so sad to hear she died, she did so much good with her knowledge. being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. rip , dr sarah, you have taken a bold approach by countering what ada & esma guidelines suggest. carbs mirror sugar is a well known fact, but to emphasize on a zero card diet is a new concept ! may your empathic suggestions reaches those who need to stay away from ill effects of diabetes. @shawn mount to go to so true this is so true and i'm so thankful that your work lives on to save more lives, dr. sarah hallberg. i'm sending prayers to your family for their tragic loss. may you rest in peace. \"...number one, insulin expensive...\"\nthe preferred business model of big pharma. keep your patients alive, but still sick and still in need of your drugs. lchf has no profit in it for big pharma. the no so secret secret of increasing life expectancy of the last few decades is that people have been living longer not because they have been healthier for longer but because people have been sicker for longer. health and death are the enemies of big pharma profits. what about keto acidosis though? wouldn't absolutely zeo carbs, cause this? @veggiegirl yes it can no cutting the carbs is a must. but she needs to go back to school and bone up on what tmao is caused by and what it does to your brain. so eating fats will buy you another health issue; dimentias like alzheimer's. note, she never suggested what the good fats were. trust me, they are not animal fats.\nnow, what agenda is she serving? only discovered you today and i'm already saddened by your passing. you are a tragic loss to humanity! so what are the carbs we can reduce to eating, and what fatty foods and protein foods can we eat? just found out that sarah past away recently. sad.... i am alive today and not totally blind because of the low carb diet. best wishes to her family and friends. and hope she is resting in peace. yes, and my husband is a perfect example. his a1c was 8.2 when he was put on metformin, which can kill you faster than the disease and with his already compromised digestive system the diarrhea was absolutely destroying his attitude. so i took over with my doterra essential oils and making him a capsule for ever day. over the next year his a1c dropped each quarter and we reduced the dose of the metformin. when he reached an a1c of 5.1 at 71 yrs old, i moved him to a maintenance dose of the eo's and we told his primary care doctor what we were doing. the next quarter she send him an email telling him that he no longer needed to claim t2 on any medical form and she removed it on his file. he maintained between 5.1 and 5.4 for 3 yrs and then decided to see what would happen. he remained between 5.4 and 5.7 and in fact has only reached 6.1 on a few occasions. he is now 78 and averages a 5.7. yes we did make changes in our eating but we don't do, nor have we ever consistently eaten out and we homecook 9 out of 10 meals with the food we can or freeze. great speech, great info ! i would want to add, hopefully in honor to dr. hallberg's memory, that while rockefeller contaminated medicine has sickened more than it can help, that herbal and nutritional solutions can be very powerful as well, at least against diabetes. to be specific - supplementation with chromium piccolonate and frequent use of the herb fenugreek. this is based on my own experience and much reading. i suggest that folks interested in what dr. hallberg told us would also be capable of doing their own research into all kinds of \"alternatives\" that the current medical orthodoxy always tries to steer us away from. no it cannot be cured only managed - anyone that says it can be cured are fooling themselves and all diabetics rest in peace, dr. hallberg. explicitly explained..\nrip doc. may god give your family strength to bear loss what a treasure the health world lost! rest in peace dr. hallberg this beautiful doctor passed away last week. she will be surely missed by millions. rip doc. so upset to hear sarah passed away from stage 4 lung cancer this past week end of march 2022. she has saved so many people from dying themselves with her work. my gp uses her methods and we both have turned our diabetes around too. my gp acts like your best girl friend. so now we all know the name of an angel in heaven. i wish her peace in heaven and god bless her three children and husband. she left us all too soon, but god needed her more i guess? rip sarah. :--) rest in peace and thank you. god bless this amazing woman. this talk by her saved my life. i am so sorry to hear of her passing but her brilliant work will live on in our hearts. rest well my dear . surely she would be happy about your success a true trail blazer. we will miss you sarah. this is what i needed i am pained by your passing. rest on dear sarah. you saved so many lives in your short life on earth. you will be sorely missed. .. thank you for caring sarah .. i pray you are enjoying your eternal reward lord have mercy on her soul rip, she has made a difference, at least millions of people watched this video. r.i.p. dr. hallberg. for sure you will be rewarded in heaven for the help you gave to so many people. god bless you. i'm convinced! god bless your family and bless them with peace and grace rip\nthank you\n. dr igudia on youtube natural herbs medication are indeed effective in curing diabetes diseases permanently and i'm so happy to have been able to get the medication which cured my type 2 diabetes disease god bless this woman. she made a difference in my life and in the lives of millions of people. rip. you will never be forgotten. she is an osteopath, not an md. they often misrepresent science because osteopathy is based on pseudoscience. they want you to distrust science and pounce whenever science adjusts. @sim star i went to my regular doctor and she told me a bunch of stuff that would not help me. very first thing out of her mouth was wanting to put me on metformin when my a1c was only a 7.1 through diet it is now a 4.5. i will take an osteopath any day. @gigi la moore a regular doctor would not tell you any different. they all would say, do your best with diet, meds if that isn't enough. an osteopath however typically likes to sow distrust on science. as far as diabetes is concerned, she is speaking the truth. i have it and take not a single pill. all diet. rip, sarah! here's the cure: stop putting stuff in that hole in the middle of your face especially in the evening, cut carbs, exercise a little. but mostly that first one. mandar os estadunidenses continuarem com seu consumo de gordura e, no minimo, suspeito. rip it really is that simple. great timeless talk rip truly excellent such a huge loss i was able to get a total cure to my type 2 diabetes disease with the natural herbs medication i ordered from dr igudia on youtube. the natural herbs medication was indeed effective and i love my new life. rip sarah she made a big dent in the world by saving many people from t2 diabetes, she dying in her 40's from unearned lung cancer is a tragedy. why couldn't it be old crooks we se every day on tv selling government sponsored snake oil? why did it had to be her? this was discovered in the 1930's and then again in a 1981 published study after peer review in the new england journal of medicine by placing 1000's of native americans back on their indigenous diets. after 60 to 90 days their insulin levels returned to normal and their metabolism was no longer insulin resistant. we are being led by massive corruption in the ama, fda, cdc, pharmaceutical industry and the bribed politicians we lent our power to.\nbe curious and skeptical in order to save your your family, friends and self but beer and pizza...its what men crave great lady, rest in peace! your work lives forever. rest in peace dr hallberg, you literally saved my life no words can be said that can describe how your talks saved me... you will always be remembered i took a preventing diabetes class enough said.\nyou left us but have left your mark on the world rest in peace dr hallberg thank you for your work in bringing the truth to the people about carbohydrates and diabetes you will be sorely missed. many doctors who are on the front lines about this life saving revelation have similar sounding names dr eric berg., dr sten ekberg, dr sarah hallberg. we lost one of our bergs but this ted talk is still here to help many people and save many lives. o god, creator and redeemer of the faithful, grant to the souls of thy servants departed the remission of their sins. eternal rest, grant unto the departed o lord, and let perpetual light shine upon them. it worked for me too. five years ago, i lost 30 kg in 30 weeks just no t eating sugar and flour (bread, pasta, pizza). i still ate lots of vegetables and some fruit. and sometimes rice and quinoa. i was deeply saddened to hear of dr. hallberg's passing and want to extend my condolences to her love ones. for those unaware, she suddenly discovered she had stage 4 lung cancer. i have insulin resistance and have been trying to reverse this with low carbs. this sad news will redouble my efforts and if i am successful will be another instant of her unknowingly helping yet another person. her efforts have been truly astounding and her passing a sad day for all has dr hallberg really died? this video made seven years ago. today is july 24, 2022. many commenters say she has died. being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. this is the first time i've ever heard of this young lady and sad of her passing. i do believe she might as well be thought of as a saint (sarah). she was born to let the truth be told.. rip great doctor rest in peace dr sarah so sorry about the passing of this great woman. she outlines a number of useful and fairly accurate details about the body's response to foods and particularly insulin level responses. but like many who speak on this subject, she oversimplifies the effect of carbohydrates by failing to distinguish between different carbs or carb sources. specifically, she doesn't distinguish between simple and complex carbs, as if they're all equally to be feared and avoided in order to keep insulin levels lower and steadier. nonsense. does she really want us to believe that a gram of table sugar and a gram of green vegetables, lentils or whole grain brown rice is the same in their impact? (yes, she's right to point out that many \"natural\" or \"whole grain\" foods can be overly processed and refined into simple carbs, not complex carbs. yes, they are to be avoided.) that's false and deceptive. and if her claim about carbs is so worrisome, why is it that people on the mediterranean diet or another diet dominated by complex carbs are not falling prey in large numbers to diabetes or metabolic syndrome? this simplistic vilifying of carbs without the most basic distinction undermines the entire talk, unfortunately. and if she really wants the listeners to walk away believing they need to drastically increase their intake of fats and also protein foods, she's completely oblivious to the various negative impacts of that choice, including the fact that many of those foods (including meat and dairy) are a major driver of environmental degradation around the globe, livestock animal abuse, and climate change. @jrg i appreciate your carefully worded and thoughtful comment. i agree that there are various degrees of tolerance when it comes to carb metabolism and insulin effectiveness. if the speaker was focusing on those with type 2 diabetes and not a broader audience, she sure doesn't make that clear. i think she's prescribing the same dietary approach to everyone while claiming those with type 2 diabetes can wean themselves off medication by altering their diet so that they move out of insulin resistance. i believe that part is true, and i'm all for it. but her talk is a big sales pitch as well as an attempt to educate the audience on issues related to how insulin works, etc. many people have \"cured themselves\" ( a term she wants to say she avoids but is essentially saying in the talk is the case) of type 2 diabetes on other dietary approaches that focus on the elimination or drastic reduction of simple sugars. what the doctor advocates is essentially a keto diet. i'm not going to spend time making my argument against the efficacy of that diet, which i don't dispute can work as advocates claim. but my main argument is this: a keto diet is dominated by meat and dairy, both of which come from animal agriculture. that entire system is environmentally destructive, inhumane and unsustainable, even more so as more in the world can afford those products and demand them. it is also preventing many of the poor and starving millions in the world from having adequate, nutritious food. that's so largely because agricultural land is being used in huge amounts to grow crops to feed the animals rather than humans, at a rate of water and other resource usage far beyond what would be true to have those crops go directly into food for humans. @surfwriter i think all to often we like to group everyone in the same bucket when it comes to nutrition. first, she is discussing people that are already metabolically impared. i think of carbohydrate tolerance in the sense of a bell curve. people are at the higher end of that curve and handle carbohydrates very well. other's are at the lower end and then everyone else fall somewhere in the middle of those upper and lower limits. and the people she is referring to are probably towards that lower end of the spectrum where they don't handle carbohydrates very well. all carbohydrates convert to sugar eventually. obviously some quicker than others (soda/simple vs oatmeal/complex) but both will supply a sugar load to the body. and people that have become insulin resistant due to maybe the overconsumption of carbohydrate may have a very low tolerance for carbohydrate and will have to avoid certain levels of carbohydrates. now bringing in the point about meat into the conversation is another discussion which i won't get into as there are ways to follow a low carb intake and not have meat. respectfully just my perspective. @surfwriter tell us all the propaganda you've memorized, lol @bok choy if you call that propaganda, you're exposing your monumental ignorance. you clearly don't know anything about this subject. rest in peace r.i.p so true that dr ogoh on youtube cures diabetic completely. my friends and i are living testimony to his herbal medication after taking the medication. reach out to him if infected by the sickness . he deserves a great respect condolences to family and friends rip rest in peace dr. you changed so many lives. saved so many lives. touched so many lives. thank you. thank you dr hallberg, i think you saved me from diabetes. rip this talk has been life-changing for me. she was the best. rip and thank you for this amazing information. she saved a lot of lives with this. sarah hallberg, gone but not forgotten wow. dr. sarah is a looker. i sincerely appreciate you dr osaye, and you do have my full trust,you should be heard around the world , and you have a way of speach that entices me,thank you so much for curing my diabetes i had thought would never end bravo! a fantastic and inspirational talk. just seen the sad news that dr hallberg has recently passed away. rip medica brilhante. descanse em paz ! this is a great video! she is 100% correct. if she has a book, i need to get it. i've heard most of this before but she is very concise. i wonder if there's such a thing as a low carb grocery store. yes, it's called a butcher shop! my condolences to her family i was saddened to see she passed on march 29 of lung cancer rest in peace, sarah! you will never be forgotten. we will miss you dr. hallberg. rip you've done so very much to help diabetics, obese ppl, and everyone really... too many carbs for too long (even if you're healthy) will make you unhealthy. low carbs for everyone!!! doctor my doctor.\nrip\nyou have helped many and you will continue to do so.\nyou will be missed but your voice will continue.\nthis ted talk changed my life four years ago. we have lost a brilliant mind. so sad. r.i.p. sarah! excellent! hey, i am 183 cm tall and i weigh in at 64kg in the morning, i have trouble gaining / keeping the weight on especially when cutting on carbs, what is your recommendation? olive oil get your vitamin d levels checked and track your food on cronometer to see what nutrients you are falling short on. maybe a lack of something in the diet is causing you to hold onto weight. rip dr hallberg forever grateful to you sarah! amazing doctor. i learnt lot from you. but sadly we lost her. rip. very good. and completely my experience too. the fact the guidelines do not suggest this is mind-boggling to me. or worse, evidence of corruption. terrible news. wow, she got lung cancer and never smoked. what she said in ted talks makes perfect sense. eliminate carbs, eliminate diabetes especially in type 2 patients. it all leads to same thing. little or no carbs result in weight loss and stable blood sugar. knowing it and doing it are two different things. if it was easy almost all diet cases of diabetes would be gone. rest in peace,, dear sarah! you were a huge person! you inspired me so much! what a tragic loss; this video started my keto journey. i would not be where i am today, 120 pounds lighter and 5.3 a1c if i had not seen this talk. god speed dr. hallberg. @mon ember there is something called spaghetti squash, i heard some people sub this for pasta. haven't tried it yet , but sounds a thousand times better than shirataki noodles! gak!! hey scott, didn't expect to see you here. being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. @mark tiller thanks so much. i'll have to do a bit of reading to digest all that but at least now i'll have an ideaa of what targets i should be aiming for. tassie boy, they must breed you smart down there. beautiful place. @scott morgan i suffered from cabr addiction for a long time. rip rip, dr hallberg rip, dr hallberg. dr ajakaja you are a life saver on youtube. thank you for saving me & my husband from herpes virus. with your powerful herbal remedies.from today i believe in natural.. rip, hallberg will be remembered as a pioneer so sorry to hear of her passing x my life was almost gone but now it's a thing of the past after following dr.ogudugu on youtube herbal medicine treatment i got off the herpes virus totally. her work and life has been a blessing for so many of us diabetics. may she rest in peace. i love her passion! such a loss omg with stories like this, i wonder how ketogenic diet's aren't being mass prescribed? yet another indication of how corrupt and inane at times the medical community actually is. sad. rest in peace. i'm working with an amazing nutritionist who was greatly inspired by your work dr. sarah hallberg.saddened to hear about your passing. thank you for all you have done. rest in peace. maybe a tedx talk doesn't tell the entire story? ketogenic diet is a healthy way to live. ofcourse they dont tell you this in mainstream media. or look at weightwatchers they tell you all teh horrible things that will hapen on keto. thats why you should always investigate yourself. more money in pushing medicines sarah your legacy with continue on with millions of patients and health care clinicians the world over. thank you for being part of my life and a huge influence on it. she passed away from lung cancer yesterday. rip, sarah hallberg! hi mam my insulin level is pp 18.9 and fasting is 1.6 how can increase my insulin level and can i revars my diabetes pls. answer. rip dr. sarah...you will be missed! rip dr. sarah. you were an amazing human being and will be dearly missed. what happened to her rip sarah. very sad wow what a speech so informative and so interesting my sincere condolences to dr. hallberg's family. she will truly be missed rest in peace dr. sarah the presenter places the blame of diabetes and insulin resistance solely on carbs and grains. she even blames chinese food but doesn't mention all the sweet, sweet snacks, processed foods or even chemicals in the processed foods. one such example is high fructose corn syrup which i discovered spiked my glucose levels. having been diagnosed with pre-diabetes, i check my glucose daily and pay attention to cause and effect of foods. i stay away from processed foods and try to eat fresh foods. i also pay attention to the labels of foods because i discovered that high fructose corn syrup is in some dill pickles brands and tortillas! tortillas are the worse. 50 grams of carbs in a chipotle tortilla. she did mention sugar. all the sweet, sweet snacks and processed foods you mentioned contains sugar in many forms. carbs and grains become sugar (glucose) when you eat them. i agree that sugar, ultra-processed foods, and hfcs are not good for our health. i miss you already dr hallberg! you've been taken from us too soon! you helped me so much in my weight loss journey! my condolences to your family, may god give them comfort in their time of grief! @clinton bowers i almost gave up cause i had hsv2 but didn't have any symptoms until i was tested during pregnancy, after being recommended to dretiko i got clean within 16 days of using his herbal treatment omg! i had no idea she died! she was my friend in college and so fricken smart! my heart breaks reading this post. thank you for telling me. that's so sad to hear :( rip rip dr. hallberg. rip sarah. damn! i'm really saddr sarah died today. she was a leading researcher in endocrinology and the fight against diabetes. i remember watching this talk the 2 bd day after being diagnosedi was so fearful and didn't know what to expect- her talk gave me tremendous hope. i still watch it for encouragement. wishes to echo your sentiments, and the experience of losing fear and gaining hope. an inspirational mom. uh, there's someone that might see this\ni'm scared to text them, ignore this if it's not you\ni don't want to make it worse\nbut if you see this, you might know who i am\nit's unlikely you'll see me here but i'd figure i'd say this anyway\ni'm so sorry\ni wish i could talk to you\ni wish i could help\nand if you know who i am, if you are the right person\ni'm here if you want to talk rip sarah, you were a phenomenal human being and helped and inspired so many ppl rest well <3 rest in peace. rip sarah, thanks for everything. you have done so much for so many people you won't be forgotten sad day wonderful doctor, you'll be missed. rest in peace dr. hallberg. @sue miller good luck!!! @greensmoothieparty i have subscribed and will look into your information. i have a hormonal skin condition my dermatologist recently prescribed a cream for my face. thank you for your comment. @sue miller a hormonally favorable diet does not spike igf-1. igf-1 is known to promote cancer development by inhibiting apoptosis and stimulating cell proliferation. there are also foods that are angiogenesis inhibitors reducing risk of cancer growth and spread. meat consumption increases igf-1 and angiogenesis.\nscience advances one funeral at a time - max planck @sue miller hey its not a greek name get yourself an education what about nerve damage caused by diabetes. sure diet is hard but that's something most people can sacrifice if they want to get better, but nerve damage is something unbearable and hard to deal with.\nis there such a way to reverse them? or do we have to exercise to prolong the \"limit\" of when it hurts, or just take pain medication when it starts to? ala, b1 this is awesome, thanks for sharing. i finally free from the deadly infection (herpes simplex) by the help of dr ehizojie..\nam very happy now, i can live a normal life again and again.\nthanks dr ehizojie crazy, heart disease is type-2 in disguise. this is the second scientist i've heard talk about this connection. why doesn't chinese-chinese food not have the same effect as american-chinese food, i wonder; they both have rice? you are entirely correct. thank you so much. fruit? sadly i stopped eating fast food for breakfast and started bringing a banana, orange, and sometimes apple for breakfast to work. my numbers did not change sometimes higher or only slightly lower. the banana is a carb and the fruit both converted to sugar. do not drink orange juice or fruit juices... they add sugar to something that breaks down into sugar anyway ... sooo bad for diabetes. i stopped drinking sodas and lost 12llbs in 2 weeks. regular soda drinks are so bad for you. drink water. coffee or tea with no sugar added. beware lots of creamers have sugar in them even powdery types. add raw cinnamon to your tea and coffee or vanilla extract without all the sugar for a different taste. i am not a vegan but i do like vegetables. meats are good yea! just do not bread them or fry them. they are so good for you except the carb veggies like potatoes. i love potatoes in everything but had to stop eating them. so sad... no croissants, danishes, scones, buns, rice, etc. thank you so much dr osaye for your ultimate help and i understanding in curing my p\ndiabetes type two now i know that anything is curable , you are good at what you do,keep up the good work she is fantastic ! i just wrote down almost every single word she said ! but carb taste much better! finally a doctor telling us to stay away from carbs.\ndiabetes has nothing to do with stress. i got a huge scare recently and i was healthy, now not. i have hope now. thank you. it's nice what she says but these types of clinics that help people with diabetes are ridiculously expensive, extremely unaffordable and not covered by insurance, therefore she's part of the problem, and just as bad as pharmaceuticals. the chinese have been eating rice for thousand of years. they were pretty skinny and diabetes was not a big issues. i wonder why that was. obesity: many, probably most of them are guilty of doing it to themselves - i was too, was. stop eating anything made of \"modernized\" grains, (especially thick pizza crust and other white breads), reduce salt (no chips/doritos), reduce high-glycemic carbs, and get exercise. also, very simple, you must get vertical (i.e. walking, even washing your car) helps your core function properly, because your upper gi has room to work (because it is not scrunched and thereby not blocking your system), and your lower gi (which is \"connected\" to your legs) gets \"massaged\" and thereby \"activated\" to do what it is supposed to do. btw: using your muscles creates a variety of chemicals you need for digestion, yes, its that simple. i'm 35 years old. really is great lesson for me. all thanks to dr osaye, i got cured diabetes with his herbs ,he always had faith that i would be healed and he asked me to do the same,you are appreciated dr the anti life talk show clap great deception for corrupt to hide between lgbg let's got bill gates one cause of eating excessive carbs which she totally doesn't discuss is the addictive nature of carbs on the brain. the pleasure derived from eating high carb foods, the accompanying insulin response is why carbs are addictive, physically and mentally. i tell my friends quit eating carbs of all types for 5 days and then eat a bagel and swear that isn't the best bagel you ever ate. like smoking after a few day the physical addition is gone but the emotional connection is still there which is why people still crave carbs. like the drug it is. dr susan thompson book bright line diet describes it better than i can. she is a neuroscientist. everything dr. sarah states is 100% consistent with all keto and paleo readings. it works if you stay off the addicitive foods, primarily carbs. \" a patient cured is a customer lost\" i'm not trying to be a debbie downer, but the unexpected costs of protein only (or majority) intake to the broader world is difficult to swallow - especially when you multiply it to 120 million americans. what she is saying is true, but the costs to the world/environment should be part of the conversation. look at animal protein costs, water use for nut production, etc. perhaps this will be offset by decreased pharmaceutical costs but unlikely from an environmental standpoint. what should i eat? @balon zoloz thanks. how do you cook your meats? been getting a lot mixed info from google. do you only eat lean meat? raw or cooked vegetables? what do you drink? and does salt affect my blood sugar? fresh vegetables(not potatoes), unsalted nuts and meats. love this woman! such a great doctor, talking so much common sense. also, an excellent speaker.\nthere is a doctor in east africa who was diabetic. he was inspired by this lecture, and reversed his diabetes. he was so thrilled with the result that now he puts all his diabetic patients at a large hospital on a low carb diet, with great results. i wrote to tell dr sarah hallberg how her talk has inspired a hospital in east africa to adopt a low carb diet, saving many lives, and she said, \"thank you for making my day! thank you for making my year!\"\nso to dr hallberg's many qualities we can add modesty. i don't think she has any idea how much impact this one lecture has made on world health. as of march, 2022, her lecture has had over 8.6 million views! thank you soooooo much ! what a breath of fresh air !! you are pumping the brakes on their money machine, thank you ! i was just diagnosed with type 2. i was immediately ready to fight this beast (that's how i got here !) just like i have fought so many other issues in my life !!! thank you again sooooo much !! you're and angel and a doctor !! all are talking machines!!!!! the truth is that all that we buy from the stores and direct from the farmers are poison. all that we purchase are no longer original foods just full of man made chemicals which attract money from the humans!!! all that is being said are just misleading the people and we should not listen to them anymore the truth is only 0.00%. may god bless all with good health. vegetables are carbs....so i don't agree with the hypothesis. that said, i do believe diabetes can be cured with diet. first, fix the nervous/limbic systems, which regulate hormones, detox the organs, fix the gut so you can process nutrients and then \" eat food. not too much. mostly plants.\" i could kiss you! i've been heavily struggling to \"keep my head above water\" in the way of nutrition and this has brought me soo much enlightenment. . . thank you thank you thank you!!!! sorry, she passed away from cancer. are rolled oats ok? nope one of the biggest donators to diabetic associations are insulin makers. that's why they push, carb up and counteract that with an insulin injection. they dint want a cure. if everyone is cured, who's going to buy insulin? i am not obese, in fact 126 lbs. whereas the ideal weight is 115 lbs. still i have a lot of problems keeping my sugar levels in check and have suffered from type 2 for 20 years. 7 years later and she is still talking. exactly which fats are those that i can eat? coconut oil how much a day? what else is there? excellent lecture. she is speaking the truth. everything you eat bad for you i say live life the human species evolved eating carbs and then this lady comes and say that we should eliminate it from our diets. just think about, it makes no sense at all. the real problem about high insulin levels are refined carbs and white sugar, those are like poison, just like meat and dairy products are. i'm extremely happy with my whole food plant based diet. be careful, it looks like the meat and dairy industry is spending a lot of money on \"educating\" people... how can i get help like every one else im really bad bart kay\nyour welcome. living with type 2 diabetes wasn't easy for me until i came across dr ogoh on youtube, all that came to an end. after using his herbal medication i ordered for. thanks to dr ogoh for curing me from my type 2 diabetes. living with type 2 diabetes wasn't easy for me until i came across dr ogoh on youtube, all that came to an end. after using his herbal medication i ordered for. thanks to dr ogoh for curing me from my type 2 diabetes. if you had a problem where you couldn't tolerate sunlight, would you want the solution to be avoiding sunlight forever? or would you want a solution that teaches your body how to learn to tolerate sunlight again?\nthis video is the first solution. it's not reversing diabetes. it's controlling it. removing carbs so you don't have to tolerate them doesn't address the problem, it trains you to avoid it. all the fats likely worsen insulin resistance as saturated fats gum up insulin receptors, a problem which won't reveal itself until they try breaking from this restrictive diet... in so many words she concedes this problem in the video.\nwhat if i told you there was a proven way to actually reverse insulin resistance, without sacrificing kidney/liver health, gut health, heart health, and all-cause mortality, which are all things low carb diets have been shown to do? a whole food plant based diet has been consistently proven to do this. people comment its the money. why aren.t you mad. people you voted for doing this to you. so throwem out. go on the street peacefully and scream the truth. keto is the only key. that is how our ancestors survived that is in our genes!!!!! the goal of modern medicine is to keep patients sick and medicated. there is no money in well people... what are your thoughts on the \"master cleanse\" specifically its key ingredients lemons and grade a maple syrup? i was told that maple syrup \"doesn't spike your insulin\"? i have mild form of diabetes' type 2, i am active, going to gym 5 times a week, but i was consuming extremely large amount of sugar, i stop eating sugar, but i don't understand about carbohydrates, should i cut out carbs at all or what is she saying? my cholesterol level is high as well because of diabetes, i don't really understand what can i eat :( we're are you were is your clinic thankyou, i needed to know what my nurse don't tell me thankyou !! there's something to be said that there's more money in treatment than curing or prevention! dr edozele on youtube made it possible for to completely get rid of herpes simplex virus. reach out to him!! i wish a doctor had taken the time to be truthful about metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance a decade ago!! i know now, and how easy it is to reverse it, but why let patients take that path to future conditions and illnesses? money! i was going through feelings of extreme sadness,shame,depression having hsv1&2,until i came across a man named dr udoka on youtube,am cured permanently what about beer? i can't live without beer! i just don't get the \"potatoes\" thing. why? why are all the other root veggies okay but not potatoes? hmmm carbohydrates = energy. if you're not expending any, you don't need carbs. many people became diabetic not because they have the disease, it is because in the 90's the normal range for blood glucose level was lowered down and metformin was pushed. :( fake oils replaced butter i was diagnosed with type ii diabetes about 10 years ago. up until then, i didn't have much of a sweet tooth. as soon as i was placed on pills and shots, my cravings became uncontrollable, and i struggle to reduce my a1c. it would sure be nice and if i didn't have to spend so much money every month on drugs that aren't working. it's from eating sugar. you get insulin resistance because you keep bombarding your body with sugar and your body responds by producing insulin. which just like alcohol eventually you build a tolerance to. take that advice with caution though\ni have seen that she uses the term diabetes reversal and not remission or cure\nmany people that follow keto simply are not eating any carbs and once they eat it they can't tolerate it their blood sugar skyrockets again treatment is considerably more profitable than a cure, so why would anyone who's income relies on treating these people be interested in making them better? a simple observation, entirely devoid of any moral implication. thank you so much dr osaye for your ultimate help and understanding in curing my diabetes type two\nnow i know that anything is curable when there's a right source big thanks and appreciation to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i order from him. his natural herbs medication are indeed very effective in curing type 2 diabetes disease permanently. and i also encourage anyone who is going through any difficulties in health to contact him on any kind of diseases such as hepatitis b, hpv, cancer, hiv, sti, diabetes, fibroid, yeast infection and many more. you can contact him on his youtube channel why would you want to reverse something that's making you money and contributing to your country's economy, while not significantly reducing work output. false christ comes first how can i even stop eating carbs. they all taste good. rice and grains has benefits. you just need to eat a much lower amount than most people eat doc told me yesterday that my blood is holding all my blood sugar. told me to get will in order. told me i will have a stroke or heart attack soon. i have been fighting with my last doctor about my intake of carbs, i watched the ted talk with neal benard on diabetes, and his approach is just the opposite. both ted talks are equally convincing with real-life examples of people going from out-of-control diabetes to healthy normal people in a very short period of time. are they both right despite having completely opposite approaches that seem to contradict each other? both say not to eat processed foods. dr. barnard recommends whole grains, fruits and vegetables. most people eat very little of these and they have the added advantage of helping the heart. also better for the environment. a very big appreciation to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbal medicine. i recommend everyone who is also suffering from diabetes disease to try his natural herbs medication because it is very effective. i also encourage anyone who is going through any difficulties in health issues to contact him on any kind of diseases such as hepatitis b, hpv, cancer, hiv, sti, diabetes, fibroid, copd, heart disease, yeast infection and many more. how can you stop the extreme carb and sweets cravings? time heals most wounds.\nover 2 weeks period ween yourself off carbs. i'm glad i was already on the right track. not perfect by any means but way healthier than before. how can one entrust their health with a corporation that thrives in your sickness to make money, people need to wake up from their slumber and stop taking advice from those whose intentions are not for their wellbeing eat well, play golf. i was t2, now i'm not. lost 6 kilos and lowered my score. never check my sugar level. my wife is typing this as i'm dead, just joking............. for the moment! pete 379 an appropriate human diet with no carbs is what is needed.i haven't ate one carb in over a year and i feel great perche non parlate italiano o mettete sottotitoli in italiano? i was diagnosed in january with type 2 diabetes. i was lazy ate in excess all the time and lived on soda. definitely not doing any good to myself. i needed dental work in the worst way. and then dentist refused me because of my blood sugar levels. i was at 256 for my a1c. so i took it seriously and stopped all soda cut my carbs more than half and slowly am starting to exercise. while i am taking pills to help. i have already dropped my average down to 140 in just a couple months. i am so thankful i found this video, because it is exactly what i thought i should do. i did not know about fats and eating them at all. so very helpful so true. dear dr. hallberg, i just now tried to connect with you and heard of your struggles. please note that i am putting your name in the misher berach list for healing. we will all send you healing waves. stand strong. we're is the cardiovascular exercise mention? ( 30 mins running per day) it is perfect for stability of insulin levels and it gives a massive pathway to the cells for glucose in the blood. plus muscle building.,\"\" knowledge makith the man \" someone is healed from diabetes if he/she eats carbs and glycemia isn't high for long time, not if you remove carbs for ever and glycemia is good... i've been pre-diabetic for 10 years and nothing was ever done because i wasn't diabetic yet. i did not know that i my pancreas was so sick all this time and i had other health issues going on. i didn't know until couple days ago how sick my pancreas by participating in a volunteer study. as soon as i found out i began doing as much research as i could and i am livid that we can find out 20 years before we are pre-diabetic that we have insulin issues! this is all making sense now. eight years ago by accident i found out from a pre surgery scan that i had fatty liver. and the doctor just tell you oh just eat 50% of what you're eating now just lose weight! reducing carbs is like fighting an addiction. but i'll get there. i hope to reverse my fatty liver and insulin resistance from the heading i thought this was going to be a comedy routine basically keto well done! \"it was essentially a huge experiment on millions of people\". kinda like 2020. 100% take this info and follow the money. who are the ones that are laughing to the bank as this cycle continues. no grain? no beans? i follow a low carb diet, but i haven't given up on beans. they are nutritious and don't spike my glucose. not all carbs are bad, highly processed food is. spinach has 7 times the amount of oxalate than beans and nobody says spinach is bad, only for some people. the same applies to beans. however, if you happen to be crop-dusting 24/7, then obey your body. she is wonderful lady,\nstay blessed tldr version: skip to 12:39 ecstatic motion .......in the dynamics of nutrition this wonderful woman is a saint ,a god's gift to this world i'm finally free from this so called diabetes disease with the help of dr igudia on youtube after using his herbs medication. very comprehensive information information on this t2 stuff. in africa diabetes is not contingent on obesity. even people who are not obese can be diabetic and reversal is only by the grace of god because feeding habit is not regulated or censored. awesome! thank you my auntie and uncle both have diabetes. they're like grandparents to me. my auntie died of diabetes and my uncle is blind now from diabetes. now i have it , and i'm scared but after watching this i have hope. now ima fight this battle not just for me but for my tia. i'll beat this disease for her. wish me luck, and good luck to all of you that fight it too. this presentation is an insult to facts. please don't believe me and look at any 1970s show and look at all of the people that are in downtown new york or in los angeles or anything. if any of this madness was true people would have always had weight issues. being a child of the sixties i can tell you how people cared about their physical well-being is much less than it is today so much so that an elementary school to high school you had to pass pe class or you would not graduate whereas in schools now physical education classes don't even exist.\ni'm always quick to jump on people when they say that they're overweight because they have a health issue when that health issue was created because they were overweight. i played sports since 8 years old and i've been in fitness since 8 years old and in fitness today and i'll tell you she doesn't know what she's talking about. believe in this stuff and you will not reach your destination. so we have to starve. but how to get the energy required for day to day routines i just dont understand how china who eats so much rice and italians who eat so much pasta dont have the diabetes problems we have in the u.s. ? this is brilliant. though wish more doctors / researchers would look into sodium level along side carbs. i'm sweet great presentation! thanks! my doctor diagnosed me with a type 2 diabetes. ever since then i skipped meals, no more hard meals, just fruits and vegetables, and less carb diet. i've been losing weight yes and i felt tired all time. until now i am still working on reversing my illness because i hate medicines. um. ok. here goes- have you considered keto? it's just... a lot of new data has come out, and low carb, adequate protein is at least a good way to level out blood glucose.\nnot saying anything else. i know, i'm a random commenter person. i know, everyone here is like \"try my magic super diet plan awesome.\" i'll just encourage low carb, adequate protein (very important) and adequate calories (also important) and whatever you eat, enjoy. i have been insulin dependent for over 20 years, i have always eaten very low carb, i never eat wheat or potatoes or processed foods, i of course don't consume sugar, i have never had to take over 30 units of insulin per day, but i do have to take it no matter what i try. i tried keto, cutting down to pretty much zero carbs, which almost killed me because i developed ketoacidosis and wound up in the hospital. so i went back to just low carb and intermittent fasting, and now don't know what to do. my doctor just keeps telling me to keep doing what i am doing because my a1c is good, but i so want to get off of insulin, i know it isn't healthy. i was so excited when i saw the title for this video and so extremely disappointed when it turned out to be the exact same thing i already do. i know it works for a lot of people, i have no idea why it doesn't work for me. your description sounds like type 1 diabetes. if that is correct then the eating plan she describes (definitely don't need full keto) is still the best option but if you have type 1 (your body does not produce any of it's own insulin) then there is no way to get to zero insulin intake. the 4th leading cause of death is medical malpractice because they deny health facts in order to sell pills for big pharma. i love this video. you are amazing can type 1 diabetes be reversed?. i am always hesitant to say anything in absolute terms because i suppose there is always the possibility of a rare exception or a new treatment that suddenly your body starts making insulin again but generally speaking, no, type 1 is not reversible because for some reason either your pancreas never produced insulin or at some point in time it stopped for whatever reason. hsv illness can be cured naturally, i was a former sufferer but i succeeded to get rid of it with natural remedies. i highly recommend dr. ikpoko on youtube for herpes and other deceases complete treatment. why do you say it is the last widely accepted prejudice? there's still great herbal healers online thanks so much dr. kwaloe on you tube for helping me get rid of the contagious herpes virus that almost cost me my job due to back to back outbreaks.. i can't stop thanking and recommending dr igudia on youtube to everyone who suffers from diabetes disease because i was once suffering from it too, but with the help of dr igudia i was able to get rid of my diabetes totally with his herbs medication. do intermittent fasting (12-16 hours fasting between meals) and 90% of lifestyle diseases will go away. eat fresh, raw and in natural form. (not frozen, overcooked, processed food) i would so love to eat this way, but live with my son who has multiple food allergies and have to keep the house free of nuts and seeds is there a cookbook those of you that have had success reversing or preventing type 2 diabetes can recommend?? i tried to find one dr. halberg would recommend and haven't had any success yet. lots to choose from, just would like an unbiased opinion from a person whose had good results with a good one. thanks in advance. can a diabetic ckd without insulin medication still produce glycogen? treating the cause is addressing the chronic infection that triggered diabetes carnivore diet coupled with fruit, vitamins and supplements. worked for me. add in active lifestyle and exercise. feel great and take care of things on your own. i'm really very much happy i cured my herpes virus with dr aluda herbs supplement on youtube, god will bless you continuosly sir thank u u n those like u thank u soooo much allah will reward for all of u helping people dpend money on medicines thank u once again dr ono has the natural remedy to get rid of diabetes permanently my best friend died a few days ago, he had type 2 diabetes. when i was living with him, i told him to cut his consumption of carbohydrates and replace it with meat, fish and protein rich vegetables. in order of days his blood sugar went down, he felt stronger and had more energy, however this is a family in the third world, and when i left they had no money to buy meat so they went back to eating white rice and white bread. he refused to let me support them financially, because he wanted to make his own living.\nthanks to idiotic covid politics, he wasn't able to start up his tourist business to make an income. if he had an income he would follow my guidelines, and he would probably have survived. he was 36 and left his 26 year old wife behind...and doctors still recommend eating carbohydrates when there is increasing evidence that it's a very bad idea, especially if one have metabolic issues.\ni'm currently 41, and are eating a keto diet, i exercise almost every day, i look far younger than most people at my age, and have more energy than most people in their 20's. govegan, problem solved! how is the pre-diabetis diagnostic made? dr. jason fung says if it doesn't grow on trees, it isn't natural. ted = teenagers (still) exercise delivering speeches what if you have a fatty liver?? she says the advice the medical establishment doesn't make sense? sure it does if you look at it the right way. big pharma and insurance companies love sick people -- doctors are rewarded by recommending medications to their patients. big pharma wants everyone chronically ill and this is how they make money. the system is corrupt -- don't trust. cancer is even worse. everyone must see this. processed food companies and the 'health' industry are even bigger culprits because they create the problem. standard medicine is just ineffective in dealing with it. my general rule is if someone stands to make money out of whatever they're spruiking, stay clear. i have read elsewhere that carbohydrates also influence high blood pressure and high cholesterol. i think dr. sarah is spot on with this attention grabbing presentation. lots of money being made by both big pharma and big sugar. (it's no coincidence what the initials for big sugar are.) hats off to dr dagba, he saved me my life, diabetes almost took my life meds didn't work but his herbs cured me completely, thank you so much dr dagba forever grateful are you having issue with diabetes dr alued have the cure i'm free the great american diet is killing us being diagnosed with diabetes has been a major lost of money and has caused major problems in my immune system,but when i came across dr osaye and he recommended his herbal medicine i got completely cured of diabetes im glad to recommend dr ncube to anyone who is suffering from arthritis, thyriod, diabetes, hiv/aids. he has the treatments and cure to any type of sickness and infections. skin infections treatment.. im glad to recommend dr ncube to anyone who is suffering from arthritis, thyriod, diabetes, hiv/aids. he has the treatments and cure to any type of sickness and infections. skin infections treatment.. some of her most important words said they make money keeping us sick and that's the reason they never want to find a cure for diabetes or certain cancers. any guidance direction on books diet...what to eat/what not to eat...? she is an excellent speaker!! so engaging!! thank you, dr. hallberg!! i've long suspected that insulin makes you hungry but this is the first time i've ever heard anyone say it. and i've been paying attention to type 2 diabetes advice for a long time, as it's all over my family history. my grandfather controlled his type 2 diabetes just by diet, by no grains, potato, sugar. like you said, \"what we used to know,\" and what the food companies that sell processed food don't want us to know. brava!! anecdotally. evidence from well designed, large-scale randomized clinical controlled trials contradict a majority of what you are saying.\nwe don't practice anecdotal medicine. we practice evidence based medicine.\ni agree, the ada doesn't have it right. we've known for decades carbohydrate high diets are a contributor to weight gain and type ii diabetes. however! dietary changes have to be simple, easily adaptable and life-long. the problem with these types of drastic recommendations, is they are not sustainable by the majority of patients. i don't think any provider recommends the ada diet.\nthe medicines we have at our disposal are not due to some conspiracy as you suggest. they fill a market need due to the fact very few patients are willing to make the necessary lifestyle and dietary changes.\nwhat you fail to mention or even address, is that exercise is clinically proven to be more efficacious than than diet at reversing diabetes and insulin resistance.\ni commend you on your passion and dedication. however, reality is a blunt instrument. that doesn't mean we rollover and give up. but does require us, as practitioners to assess every patient individually and determine the best course of action for that specific patient. success is different for every patient.\ni'm sure you see success with many of your patients. however, you fail to discuss your patients who are not willing to make these lifestyle changes and that is intellectually dishonest. thanks! why not replace carbs with fiber? really appreciate dr ogoh on youtube for helping me cure my type 2 diabetes completely. now i am happy with my wife, thanks doctor really appreciate dr ogoh on youtube for helping me cure my type 2 diabetes completely. now i am happy with my wife, thanks doctor too simplistic lumping all carbs together. see work by neil barnard on first: what it is that is blocking insulin from being absorbed. i just took blood to check if i'm pre or diabetic and i pray i'm not but i have all of the symptoms mentioned. i started to cut rice, carbs, honey, even a chocolate bar here and there. i cut it all out and i feel better. i truly appreciate this video because it gave a clear message to what diabetes is and what to eat. thank you sarah. stay well everyone problems with going low-carb:\nculture. it informs what foods we eat.\nhabits. what are we used to eating?\npreferences. what if our dislikes reject the alternatives? most nuts and relatives of cabbage have never dad a chance with me.\navailability. what do you find at the supermarket? what's on the menus? so much of what's available is high in carbohydrates and, especially, sugar.\na huge cultural shift is what is needed. so, you just want everything to bend to your preferences rather than putting in the work to change your own diet? sounds kinda selfish. i don't agree what this lady is saying about doctors being scam artists, but this is also ridiculous. wonderful, please write a book sarah so how does one do this if they are a strict vegetarian? got cured of herpes virus 2 with the herbal medicine from dr. ikpoko on youtube channel was the primary convincing platform that made me use the herbs. i just watched 2 videos with contradicting diet plans to control diabeties absolutely right. i wonder if the american diabetic association will disseminate this information? i guessing not! thank you dr alued on youtube for cureing me from diabetes with his herbs thank you dr alued on youtube for cureing me from diabetes with his herbs great talk! full of common sense information! so.you don't make vitamin c so i will keep my citrus! outstanding! the ideology of dr. ogudugu treating herpes infection is becoming the trend worldwide. this great man has changed the meaning of treating diseases. i got so frustrated when my friend was sure that margarine is better for us because the american diabetes association says so. he will only listen to them & isn't open to even considering hearing anything else. she's going against the science. we should cancel her. this is just keto diet repackaged. if it's still there, it's not \"resolved\" we need to see documentation on this. carbs affect serotonin!!!! so yes, they are necessary! one of the best lectures i heard on health. you are right,\" lot of money to be made by keeping you sick.\" i was almost forced to take \"st***\" to reduce colostral, i refused and took a lot of fiber (oat bran) instead. the last blood test shows that colostral level and blood sugar level are all normal. the only thing i did in addition to increasing fiber intake, i cut down curbs to once a week. thank you!! thank you some people on here are recommending eric berg as a person has good information on diabetic diets, be careful, he is not a real doctor, he's a chiropractor who does not practice anymore and often mixes pseudo science with science in order to sell his questionable products. none of these people talk about saturated fats and heart disease. some 800,000 people have heart attacks each year in the us, many of them go straight to emergency surgery.\nit seems she would at least mention eating fats may cause you to have heart disease or exacerbate preexisting heart disease. some physician? fantastic news reversing disease! amen!!!!! and doctors and nurse practitioners roll their eyes at you if you don't take their meds! un-be-frekin-lievable!! so glad i found this!! just sent it to my mom! indeed you are a blessing in disguise dr. ikpoko on youtube, i finally tested negative to hsv2 you are 100% correct! true story, this. never needed meds after taking away the carbs. which goes to show the medical advisory institutions are truly keeping us sick. thank god for the honest and sincere individual doctors out there! this is true...your doctor is lying to you if they say diabetes is not reversible. it is caused by you...and your choices of foods. and how often you're eating.\nby changing your dietary habits you can can your life and lose weight. but if you continue to eat unhealthy foods you're doomed. and it will not be a pleasant death! and btw, not all type 2 patients are overweight. work that one out then!! any updates for 2022 ? shes wrong. the body cant survive without carbs. thats the bodys main source of fuel. she didnt qualify what kind of carbohydrate sources you should avoid. and the kinds you can and actually helps you reverse type 2. how do you get enough nutrients without the vegetable and fruit carbs? i want to like this 1,000+ times! contact dr edozele on youtube for herpes cure, his herbal supplements cures herpes virus permanently. i dropped six prescription drugs by changing my eating habits and exercise. (eight years ago) i gave a book to my hairdresser (the end of diabetes by dr. joel fuhrman) on how to cure type two diabetes. she read the book and did what she was instructed to do and came off her medication. she told her doctor of her success story and the doctor reprimanded her!\nmedical doctors are taught almost nothing about nutrition in medical school. this is a scary thought, although absolutely true. do some research on the topic, you will be blown away by what you find. realmente te agradezco dr jadu oindin en youtube por devolverme la felicidad, por darme una cura permanente para mi cancer. muchas gracias, amigos, unanse a mi para agradecerle por lo que realmente ha hecho por mi y les pido a todos que tengan una buena vida y buena salud, y muy especialmente a usted dr jadu oindin this is so important to listen to wow! she is so smart what great information.......everyone needs to listen to this...... im on keto and my family is freaking out. while my brother few years back did a calorie deficit diet, and he lost his hair and never recovered 100%. the financial reasons why the guidelines look like this is not only because pharmaceutical companies want to make more money off of sick people, but it's a way for government to hide the enormous amount of money printing that has been going on since 1971, when the world went off the gold standard onto a purely fiat monetary standard.\nit's much easier and cheaper to produce industrial food (grains, rice, vegetable/seed oils) at scale than it is to produce meat products.\nthey're recommending you eat the cheap stuff, with the excuse of it being healthier, just so they can take your attention away from the high price of quality foods like meat. vivir con el estigma del cancer y la diabetes, no poder tener una vida saludable estaba arruinando mi vida hasta que obtuve algunas super hierbas del dr. dr jadu oindin. finalmente estoy libre de esta enfermedad. estoy agradecido y te aconsejo que te ayudes a ti mismo tambien. puede comunicarse con el en su pagina de youtube dr jadu oindin es un gran hombre. basically clean keto i make medicine, you make food. i have a proposition for you: can you put more sugar in your food... please? thank you! this is how i reversed my diabetes. i am no longer diabetic. dr. sarah, i 100% believe what you've said. the confusion is when dr. neal bernard has an approach, the keto group has their studies that show the same impact on diabetes 2. how do i know what approach should i use? 13 years of diabetes, but so far maintaining it without medication ....fasting around 140 and after meals 170...hba1c around 7. had i been taking medicines situation would have lot worse... awesome n valuable information the reason why this isn't being promoted by doctors and anywhere else is what she said at 15:21 - that we could save over $2,000 a year just on the diabetes meds. that's a loss for the pharmaceutical industry, and believe me, they don't like losses. same for the huge multi-trillion dollar \"sugar-free\" product market. live off zero carbs and you will end up being very ill in the long term! its not the carb that ls an issueits the amount of fibre in iteat real food and you wont be ill or obese! read the china study! i like your cookie monster blue pants. i was diagnosed of herpes years ago, and ever since then i have been taking treatment to prevent outbreaks, burning and blisters, but there was no improvement until i came across testimonies of dr. ogudugu on youtube and made contact. now am cured without any effects from using his pure natural roots and herbs, trust me it's save and very effective. i always get so confused with carbs. for me everything that came from a plant is a carb. does this mean we can not eat fruit and veggies? so almond came from a plant, so it is a carb. help!!! worked for my t2dm. thank you !!!!!!!! i never believe i would be able to cure my diabetes disease not until i came across dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes disease with his herbal medication and i'm so grateful. obesity is self inflicted negligence in almost all cases. regardless of how you spin it. to pretend otherwise is to reframe the problem as something that has been inflict onto someone rather than an outcome of poor choices. i acknowledge there are exceptions. this rewriting of established truth is dangerous and helps no one. why are you trying to kill people, my dad died of type 2 diabetes 1st he lost his leg because he wouldn't take a needle. he lost weight eat right so just stop filling your pockets while you kill people how refreshing, she cares about her patients health she is right !! i've known this for a long time, but it's disappointing to see others around me making themselves sick through a lack of knowledge. the food companies and big pharma know all the data about what grains and processed food do to our bodies, but as long as money is involved, it's going to continue. the propaganda we learn from the tv from advertisments at a young age, follow most people through life. it goes to show that governments, big corporations, health bodies and the like really don't have your best interests at heart. even some doctors nowadays with good intentions, follow protocol from above without realising they are doing more harm than good and just throw a box of pills at your symptoms. it's a shame ted talks like these cannot make it into the mainstream, so we could all be better off. great talk by this truth teller. i honestly found that it's easier to not try to make bread, cake, etc with alternative flours. i just eat totally different types of food. i cook almost every night, or i grill meat and vegetables. i eat tree nuts instead of chocolate or cookies. i don't even try to bake \"keto muffins\". it makes it cheaper and simpler. it's so obvious. your body can't produce insulin or at least has a hard time producing it. so don't eat stuff that requires insulin to metabolize. you know, like fats. it's so obvious only a government scientist would fail to realise it. god bless you @ dr edozele on youtube, your meds got me cured from herpes simplex virus. reach out!!! that explains why my 94 yr old friend just eats steak, eggs, bacon, and veggies, and doesn't have to take any medicine at all. he only eats wheat or rice maybe once a week (mac and cheese or rice) well said. this need to be repeatedly said till everyone gets it. \"carbohydrate toxicity\" = chronic biscuit poisoning she said it, biscuit poisoning. i've been eating this way since 1995, 43% of my life. i cannot imagine going back to my \"health food diet\" of whole grain bread (and i really did buy whole grain) and brown rice. 27 years of bacon, eggs, steak, cheese, butter, etc have been very, very good to me.\ni had my first heart scan just before covid lockdown, so 25 years in. at 61, i had *zero* plaque in my coronary arteries. i started a size 20, i am now a size 12.\nit works, people. it works. honestly when my doctor told me i had diabetes i almost gave up in life because i was so afraid but then i came online and saw a lot of testimonies from people here in us talking about dr igudia on youtube who has the natural herbs medication to cure diabetes disease once and for all.\nafter ordering the herbs medication that was the end of my diabetes disease all sickness and diseases bowed before dr. ikpoko on youtube because he has the best medication to them, i was so lucky enough to have come across with him? thank you doctor for curing my herpes virus i need help iam literally dying ..and cant do much other than read but am having liver problems on top of type 2 with insulin and 2 medications added on to that..i wish i could get help iam on the cliff holding on by a toe. i'm sorry. is her advice \"lower carbs\"? that the first thing any diabetic is told. and most type 2 diabetics aren't on insulin. i am on ery high cortisone tablets for viral hybalirintitus and my sugar count is spiking, last night 2 hours after supper (chicken, salad) my count was 18.6. before i started taking cortisone was between 6 and 7. i will be on cortisone for the next 5 months. excess sugar in your blood is like having excess alcohol in your blood. what a mystery the question isn't \"does this work\" - the question is how do you live like this forever! i have been on every type of 'diet' you can imagine since i was 19-39 ... 20 years of dieting and about 8 years of disordered eating before that. from low carb, to intermitent fasts, to slim fast, and extreme calorie restriction... just to name a few. i've gained and lost 100+ lbs -- yo-yo dieted for 20 years... so now, just since having a baby and the pandemic- i've gone from prediabetes to type 2... and here i see, the answer- another extreme diet. i could do it - for a week, a month, a few months...but then a party or holiday or something will come & i will slip, i will feel guilty, i will binge and life will crash again. this person isn't addressing how you, in today's society, manage to maintain essentially not eating any tasty foods. no pastas w/sauces, no cakes, no icing, no cookies, no chocolates, forever!!! this is so frustrating. @elissa check out dr. ken berry, dr. rob cywes, nutrition with judy, sten ekberg, dr. eric westman, dr. shawn baker. all great resources for how to do this forever. @elissa when you change your lifestyle and begin feeling better than you have ever felt, and you keep feeling better and better, it's not long before you decide you can do this for another day, another week, etc. when you decide to have a \"treat\" and you feel utterly miserable for hours or days, it quickly convinces you that this is not an \"extreme diet\" but rather an enjoyable lifestyle, well worth sticking with. i am curious if the patients were working out or performing some type of physical activity? awesome!!! what caused my type 2, was smoothies. maxing up fruit to eat the extracted sugars! i want to give this testimony for the world to see and read how powerful god have blessed dr ogudugu on youtube with his wisdom in curing me from herpes infection sarah, you are brilliant. god bless you big. i was cured of my diabetes completely with dr ugbokholan herbal remedy i was diagnosed with diabetes in december last year. everything she says is absolutely right and backed by science and by other doctors.\ni too have spent the past few weeks cutting carbs and intermittent fasting. this has radically improved by glucose levels and so far i have lost over 5kg.\nthank you sarah, you are saving lives! @rachel coleman usually 16 hours but will do longer when i can. how long do you generally fast? good on you karen\ngods blessings carb up to run a marathon! you are amazing amazing presentation..! words that should stick in every person out there dr ogudugu cure herpes with fast recovery i'm curious how this perspective can help someone like me who's hypoglycemic. aside from taking meds to help me regulate. very thoughtful topic. in most cases you need to eat more often...to prevent blood sugar from dropping to low. so 5 small meals a day...you have a higher metabolism and you process food more quickly than most people. mam plesase into hindi i agree with what she's saying, but at the same time we've been eating lots of carbs forever, yet diabetes is a modern issue. dunnoo...just eat balanced diet.....stress is worse prolly my mother religiously takes diabetes meds because i tell her to try diet and i'm diagnosed schizo....how lovely...truly modern scientific world...lol so much sugar...sugar processors shot? when drs fear corona death...truth comes out...better alive than pharma money...\ndon't want more patients now... jk.....? gastric sleve for diabetes, didn't work. follow guidelines and still high readings. evryone is different. still looking for a doctor who can properly diagnose me if you want to cure your herpes virus with natural herbs contact dr .ono on youtube he has the permanent cure well said dr! nope,she is stopping symptoms and not fixing the underlying cause.this is old science and has since been disproved. cyrus khambatta, phd, is a cofounder of mastering diabetes and is on a rich roll pocast on youtube.please watch. what about genetics? my mom had diabetes and died at the age of 62 from a stroke. i am very sensitive to blood sugar fluctuations and have no weight issues, in fact, i am having a hard time gaining weight... i personally can't afford to cut down on carbs, only a meal with complex carbs, protein and veggies keeps me full ... and i can literally eat every 3 hours. any suggestions? my a1c is borderline. wow this doctor is the greatest, i hope more doctors start treating patients like she does. god bless her unfortunately she has passed away, so sad thank you for your wisdom. god bless you sarah hallberg! i have be dealing with herpes for the past years until i got review online about dr osaoji people testifies how they got cured with his herbal medicine and i order the treatment, after taking it for few weeks i totally got cured permanently and the doctor confirmed it i wish you were in bangladesh doesn't apply to my family member. they tried keto, adkins, paleo and none of that worked. what worked was very little animal protein (500 grams a month), zero dairy, and zero oils (all types animal and plant based) works for my family member. these health organizations, like the ada and aha are giving out false recommendations because they are essentially puppets of big food. the bulk of their contributions come from soft drink manufacturers, grain companies, etc. like everything else, if you follow the money you'll discover the truth. wow. i'm kind of at a loss for words. i'm 43 with diabetes and i'm searching for the truth. this just opened my eyes. thank you. rules for eaating start 12:00 boring plant based whole food helped me overcome type 2 diabetes love it. thank you. what to eat if allergic to molds and am not suppose to have anything fermented and they use a lot of fermented things in foods and am not suppose to eat certain foods that are getting to the ripe stage, get so tried of trying to find and cook so much just goes to show you that this diabetes can be controlled by proper eating and exercise i bought some teflon chopsticks from amway...and a broom. i lost 50 lbs in no time! i appreciate my lovely husband for directing me to this holistic herbalist called dr. ikpoko who i met on youtube. he cured my herpes simplex virus great information. however, her over animated speaking style is like nails on a chalkboard. intermittent fasting! my husband has lost almost 100 pounds and his a1c has gone from 14 to 8 . his numbers were in the 400s or 500s now he is in the low 200 to high 100s. not obese tho.im.just diabetic and idk if i'm insulin resistant or not finally got cure from herpes simplex after using the herbal medication prepared by dr. ikpoko on youtube.. i'm still stunned i wish more and more people could listen to this excellent lecture i want to share my happiness to the world on how i was cured fromdiabetes) by dr ugbokholan with his herbal medication i am grateful for this video. blessings. living with diabetes disease for over 7 years was very difficult for me but all that changed when i came across dr igudia youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication. i watched this but i'm confused. if you watch ted talks from dr. neil barnard, he says the opposite and has facts to prove it. even dr. kempner years ago treated heart patients with a simple diet of rice, sugar, and fruit and had amazing results. so, what is the solution? love it,\nfantastic! if eating rice is bad then why only 6% of chinese are obese versus 30% of americans??\nrice is a staple in china and eaten nearly at every meal yet their obesity rate is much lower... why?\nadded sugar. thats why. what pisses me off is i'm lean, 160 pounds and 5'8\" athletic. was diagnosed with type 2. i eat right, less than 40 grams of carbs. lots of greens and fluids. no sugar etc. i was on insulin and glipizide. i quit taking meds and just trying to manage. well done and presented, bravo i reversed diabetes with beer for breakfast the first advice my docter gave me when i was diagnosed being pre diabetic, i am from the netherlands. eat less carbohydrates, as less as is possible and no sugar. 150 to 200 grams of carbohydrates a day is probably what made me pre diabetic. very thankful!!! thousands of people should be alive after this pandemic if most doctors and the mainstream message follow this simple but life saving life style she and other health professionals recommends. in 2020-2022 we lost so many souls due to the diabetes pandemic; 70% of the people that passed with covid had a dx of diabetes. hope that what we call commodities or chronics diseases can be taken more serious not only in usa but the world. she deserves a nobel health prize. took me awhile to figure out. now i'm saving my own life. nice video very nice talk hi sarah, just discovered you today - i am type 2 diabetic and this information is great. i'm going to give it a go over the next month and see what it does to my blood sugar. thanks very much for this. regards. am into a two week test for carb intolerance. sooo hard to think i can't eat bread, potatoes rice, sugar. i've not been perfect but close. at end of two weeks i'm supposed to gradually add back carbs one at a time and take note of how i feel. been type 2 for about 13 yrs now with metformin used. if anything else it's showed me i can survive without carbs, haven't taken metformin for fear of blood sugar going too low.always felt our bodies crave calories and high calorie/ high carb foods. it's natural. but our bodies evolution hasn't can't keep up with the change in our super refined, high carb diets. just my opinion. *can't we just ban cakes, chocolate, confectionary ('candy'), biscuits and fizzy drinks?* all those artisan businesses devoted to packaging death in these foodstuffs. smfh. this is such an important message, i can't wait until it's the standard for weight loss advice. highly recommend the book 'the obesity code' by jason fung, really delves deeper into the topic and an amazing resource on the topic. reversing type 2 diabetes starts with ignoring the guidelines / sarah halberg / doctor you have always made me believe i will be back to full health and i did, thank you dr mados for your herbal, emotional and spiritual support in restoring my health back to me dr mados on youtube deserves more than praises, because he has saved a lot of souls from sickness and death, thank you doctor for curing me completely i think i need some good recipes that follow these guidelines. does anyone know of any good resources? i have been a diabetic weight loss coach (not a dr, but a certified nutritionist) for over 10 years.. she is right on spot with everything she has said. my company has helped 1000's of individuals to lose weight effectively, safely and quickly for these many years. science is science and a true ketogenic diet is the only way to go! thank you for the ted talk. i'd like to know if i could use this talk in one of my seminars? sometimes people need to hear it from a different platform to \"get it\" how does leptin respond to this low-carb to no-carb diet? thankyou!!! great analysis \"stop using medicine to treat food\" wow! what a profound statement one quibble, of cart before the horse.\nobesity leads to insulin resistance and obesity comes from consumption of carbs, and as she herself pointed out, carbs are not required in a healthy diet.\none thing i have discovered, in this foody country of ours, is that if you eat because it tastes good, you are probably eating unhealthily. everything i have read recently disagrees with that. insulin resistance causes obesity, not the other way around. pity they didn't put the slides full screen when she was changing them. great talk! if you are resistant to insulin it because you eat poorly and over eat. i wish i had never gone on a low carb diet. it caused years of gall bladder issues before i had to have the gall bladder removed. soon after i started intermittent fasting, though, my pre-diabetes was reversed, and i had lost 70 lbs after 2 years. years ago, my doctor at the time detected warning signs for potential diabetes in a blood test (pre-diabetes in mrs. hallberg's terms?). her advice was to cut down on the sugar first of all. not necessarily try to lose weight in general, although that certainly can't hurt. i found that easier than going for overall weight loss, and the problem receded. so that is the first thing i'd recommend.\nbut you still might want to see a doctor to make sure you are not trying to self-treat the wrong problem. i made other mistakes along those lines too, fortunately without serious consequences. this isn't even complicated science. everyone knows this. but there are people who want you sick and those people also do a great job of influencing the food industry and manipulating what science gets out. keto reverses type 2? duh exactly. i got diagnosed in november 2021 at 135 pounds with an a1c of 7.1 and a fasting bs of 203. no mention of using diet and exercise, the first thing that doctor wanted to do was put me on 500 mgs of metformin. no thanks. i get another a1c and fbs on 02/04. i am confident that i have turned this completely around. doc you are on point!! hope the millions of americans heed your advice. i don't know why or how i came across this video but i am so happy i did and i love this video! i will save it so i can watch this offline again the future and god forbid my primary doctor and neurologist get to see this video, they will be mad and in denial. i will approach my eating in a different way from now on. no breakfast\nno snacks\nno junk food\n18hr fast.\n6pm to 12pm i understand the no grains potatoes and sugar part. just wondering if sweet potatoes falls into that category? sweet potatoes is considered a superfood but not sure how it fits in with reversing type 2. tia for any suggestions. @gigi la moore makes sense. thank you! sweet potatoes also convert to sugar so a type 2 would be better off without them. however, see what \"mike the meter\" says. check yourself at 1hr and 2 hrs to catch your spike. very inspiring! thank you so much sarah just great info. but the only things i eat are carbs and sugar. i feel like a drug addict being told \"just stop\"... it's easier than you think. sugar was my middle name until november 8th came along. check out dr robert cywwes videos as well - known as the carb addiction doctor. he's brilliant! ' thank you for all your amazing hard work! thank you for helping our community and putting yourselves on the front line to combat with diabetes,you are such a delicates doctor dr osaye. 1 thing for sure, all the food on tv commercials help to cause diabetes. all the foods that can sit on the shelves with out going bad are poison, they are not food, they just do not kill you instantly. food choice is always important. if you eat like a tv says, your gonna end up with problems. if you look into the studies on preserves and the human body, the preserves where discovered to cause diabetes, then the use of these actually increased. the places that make these foods know and they are invested into big pharma. so, know this is a controlled system. it is not a mistake, it is not anything but biological warfare. its unfortunate that owning the cause and the cure is profitable yet it is a fact. 80% of the stuff at the grocery is not food, it is edible though. i was about to pitch in with a comment like, \"obesity is down to will power - or lack of it\". i was so glad that i read the comments first. they made me think . so i watched the video in full. direct-and-to-the-point. boom!! you can see the collusion between big food and big pharma. sugar is the addiction. but there's no bucks in killing it, so they mask it. that way big food and big pharma continue to profit - at the expense of our health. great video! wow. my boyfriend just got diagnosed with diabetes many thanks for this lecture. i've seen a video >sugar - the bitter truth< also very insightful regarding the use of fructose and the games of the soft drink industry and federal health agencies etc. the only problem with her talk is calling obesity a disease. insulin resistance may technically be a disease (although even this is disputed) but obesity is the result of poor diet and lack of physical movement. i struggle with my weight so i am not just casting stones. my struggle with weight comes from my lack of discipline with food choices. don't deceive overweight people by convincing them that their weight is not their fault. it definitely is! we, in italy, perfectly know that you could get down glucose level with sport and avoiding carbohidrates...but a lot of as are lazy... :-). no gps is absolutely true. eat green vegetables and white meat (chichen...or so).\nbut, moreover, carbohidrates are drammatically responsable of basic inflammation, which is the main way to cancers...\nevery doctor can tell you that sugar is lethal for diabetics. well, carbohidrates are long chain of complex sugars which are cut in the digestive process, so that they are absorbed as sugars...\ncarbohidrates are sugars. so, why should we to be surprised ? i was able to get rid of my diabetes type 2 permanently with the help of dr ono herbal meds get his contact on his youtube channel veggies and fruits are also carbs, and are needed to establish a healthy microbiome or gut environment. if we're going to cut carbs how do we accomplish taking care of our gut which we are now being reminded of the fact it is responsible for 70% of our immune system??? for me, as an obese 68 year old t2diabetic, i am considered a 'double risk' for serious reactions to the covid and its many variants. i therefore am vigorously interested in taking care to insure i have those necessary strains of healthy bacterium in my gut. yes i know about pro and pre biotics in supplement form, but the newest research on this subject supports the consumption of the biotics by way of food. mostly a mixture of healthy vegetables and fruits ---- carbohydrates. keto great talk looking at the facts and not afraid to challenge convention. it's now 2022 can medical practitioners speak this freely about how they feel about masks and vaccine mandates? sadly, today they can not. i have heard the discrimination from patients i see for individual therapy and i really think medical professionals should be forced to listen to this information. this is a very interesting video. any information out there on whether low-carb diets makes type 2 diabetes patients more vulnerable to developing disordered eating behavior, such as binge eating? i think it would be important to encourage some common carbs in daily diet, as significant dietary restriction, including avoiding certain food categories, puts one at a much higher risk of developing binge eating disorder. binge eating disorder is paradoxically a disorder of restriction. if i eat carbs, i gain weight. if i don't eat carbs, i don't gain weight. simple. to the \"starvation\" people: i find it really funny if somebody overweight wants to cut carbs to lose weight and get down from insulin spikes, everybody suddenly has fears of starvation, where 5 minutes ago they were more like \"stop f!ckin eating\". it be like: yea, lose weight, but don't do anything actually effective. so if you don't have the problem, simply don't play the game. @skygorider - i agree with most of what you wrote, but the last part made me laugh. you wrote: \"you just don't need anything for health or survival that is in white bread white pasta or white rice\" - no? why then have they been so popular during human history? because they gave us energy. starvation from lack of energy was a serious problem even in many western societies up to the year without a summer in 1816. (and in the ireland of the 1840s and in times of war even later, of course.) starvation not only killed many people directly but also weakened their bodies that they more likely succumbed to other diseases.\n. . . now, you may say that this isn't a problem in western world after ww ii anymore, and you would be right. our problem is an abundance of energy in food. but to claim that energy isn't necessary for health and survival struck me as a bit misplaced ;-) @peter t apart from meat only diets you cannot have carb free there's enough carbs in many vegetables and fruits to feed the brain. you just don't need anything for health or survival that is in white bread white pasta or white rice: and not much at all in whole grain apart from fibre @peter t like she says! there are no essential carbs: reducing carbs decreases insulin and decreases appetite so less inclined to binge eat. my experience with eating disorders is that reducing carbs is part of restriction not binge and purge disorders radical solution like cutting all carbs are not as beneficial, i think, as a significant reduction of carbs. the evils of the for-profit medical care system. is it advisable to come off medications as soon as you start to lose weight? i'm concerned the medicines might cause blood sugar to be too low. type ii diabetes is not a disease, just stop eating and drink salt water and within 24 to 48 hours, you will have no symptoms of what they call \"type ii diabetes\". the purpose of diagnosing someone with this is to get him to become a type i diabetic and hooked on drugs for life. we should not be eating 3 or more meals per day, we only need to eat once every 2 or 3 days, and engorge ourselves with meat and fruit. they don't want a cure. they want us sick and on meds. welcome to being called a conspiracy theorist. low carb advocate, 54 went from a 37 waist to 29 in a mere 4 months. i always remember the day i contacted dr ogudugu on youtube that cured my herpes virus with his herbal medicine. am grateful to dr ogudugu for curing me. 17:22 the big pharma do not like this woman .15:32 ..lol ..this lady is the truth.. i have been taking insulin for close to 16 years and my endo says eat what you want but use the med, it a lie!!\nthere are no essential carbs 8:03 comprehensive, clear and sensible, this video alone will save many lives. thanks you. no g.p.s. checklist\nno grains\nno potatoes\nno sugars my mother is type2 and she doesn't need to lose weight. 110lbs.\nis she really diabetic?? this is dangerous disinformation. best, pfizer i love you darling, thanks alot. what about increasing cholesterol eating this ay???? where does fibre fit? really don't want bowel cancer. this talk would have been just as compelling if obesity hadn't been mentioned. sick people means pharmaceutical companies get rich it was my greatest opportunity using dr ogudugu herbal medicine for herpes which gave me a lot of concern, today i have been cured off herpes virus. i appreciate dr ogudugu for his help. previous pre-diagnoses here and at 71 i hated to here that from my longtime dr. and 3 months later i was in her office with a fresh blood test. she studied it a said don your sugar was bad y the three months ago now their fine \"what did you do? first part of the simple answer was \"i stopped feeding my sugar ,sugar.\" now at 74 3/4 i feel and look younger then i did at 71, lost 75 lbs, triglycerides, bp, and all of the blood test numbers are good. with the exception of cholesterol but i can't get them to show me a clogged artery or anything. k2? and never-- ever eat the american diabetes assoc. diabetic diet. swear to god it makes you diabetic! greetings to the general public, i want to inform the public how i was cured of my hsv by a doctor called dr. ikpoko on youtube dr ono is a miracle worker his natural herbs is the best he cured my herpes virus permanently you can contact him on his youtube channel to get rid of your virus too. you are the best herbal doctor dr ono keep saving lives a great talk, given with passion and a true dedication to help people. wonderful. i wish our entire medical community was like this. it's so inspiring the fda, food and drug administration has changed the name of high fructose corn syrup to natural sweetener. as a diabetic, high fructose corn syrup is deadly!\ngeorge soros just opened a new high fructose corn syrup factory in i believe missouri. the govt lie's are killing us, making us sick, and this is what they want.\na russian lady friend always makes me beet soup, i.e. borch soup. add a dollip of sour cream and it is delicious. so healthy for you. wake up america, we are being exterminated!!! all save you a lot of time i'm a diabetic never taken medication for it look up jason fung its low carb that's how you reverse it you will never cure it the beta cells i. the pancreas have been destroyed stop the sugar and high carb food i know you cant do it go see your doctor get your insulin that always has to be increased you will still go blind lose your limbs and internal organs i know my mom and brother died from diabetes but what about the glucose that your liver makes ? if you are insulin resistant and you eat low or no carb - that helps, but still have higher than normal glucose levels - for example when you sleep because the liver continues to put out glucose and you wake up with glucose at 130. how can you fix that ? if insulin resistance is a genetic condition- how can you fix this ? i wish there was a cure for insulin resistance. it's almost like they want to keep you on insulin medication. who wins there? type 2 diabetes is the most reversible disease on the planet\ncut out all sugar and carbs, go full keto for 3-4 months, and diabetes goes away\nthousands of people have done it i agree! i tried the same principles of this diet. lost 28 pounds and felt so much better in myself, even though i'm not diabetic (except mine was called the auto-immune protocol and included finding out about food intolerances too that might be affecting my health). i also gained energy and saw a marked improvement in my autoimmune disease and in my fibromyalgia. interesting that's the same benefits i have experienced my self. thank you for sharing your very important knowledge! i've been recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. i've come to the conclusion that i'm \"addicted\" to sugar and i'm not kidding. i'm struggling with this and determined to get completely off refined sugar. do you think hypnosis would be beneficial? hope you are doing well. i was a sugar addict, too. now, i am kind of zealous about ketosis, which totally eradicated my sweet tooth. trust me, you won't need hypnosis. and this is a very true story: i went to a fairly overweight hypnotist who died of a heart attack between my third and fourth session. it was a really cool experience, though. i wasn't a believer going in but i sure was after the first session. my friend did this and it worked great information. there's a reason i'm the only person in my family who isn't diabetic or pre-diabetic - i eat differently than they do and have done so for a couple of decades.\ni want to add that most people who are overweight/obese are to blame for their weight and are not motivated to change. the growing number of aisles in most grocery stores dedicated to processed foods (and the many patients i have encountered in their homes with chips and sodas everywhere and no \"real\" food to be seen) indicates that people have no intention to change they way they eat, or the fact that they will become insulin-resistant and/or diabetic. i have many pre-diabetic/diabetic friends who say they would rather take medication (even insulin) rather than give up the unhealthy sugar- /carb-laden foods that they love. thank you, sarah. i wish we had more physicians like you. you're my hero. agreed i was pre diabetic a few years back. i cut my carbs and my a1c tests have been normal ever since. on top of that, i lost weight, all my blood work improved, and my migraines practically disappeared. migraines flare up if i cheat, so i have no desire to go fill up on a big sugar dessert. why does the ada recommend slamming diabetics with > 100 grams of carbs a day? if we truly did solve pre-diabetes and diabetes by limiting carb intake for all americans, the ada would be out of funding and a job. this is something doctors need to hear more than patients. hopefully the crowd was a medical convention. i personally always looked at food as the closer to the source it is when you eat it the healthier it is. even sugar.\nif you eat a steak and vegetables, how many steps were there between the cow or plant and your plate? one, it was cut up and sold to me.\nif you eat bread or cereal, how many steps? well it was cut then ground down somewhat then mixed with some other stuff, then baked.\nwhat about candy? it is cut, ground down, refined cooked added to some other stuff, cooked again and packaged. (probably more steps in there)\nalcohol is cut, ground down, mixed with other stuff, fermented, sparged lol, fermented some more, if it's a spirit it is then boiled so that the sugars are released and we drink just the sugars that have been changed chemically into something completely different.\nand then we have fast food. i have no idea what has happened to that before it hit my plate. some of it isn't even the food it started out as. i'm looking at you mcdonalds soft serve. hello everyone, i have never believed in any herbs products but all that changed after using dr itepu on youtube natural herbs medication in curing my type 2 diabetes disease and i'm very grateful to dr itepu, please visit his youtube channel and be free from any kind of virus so much in this video. and i only found it out last year. this is 100% truth, and i have lived, thankfully through both sides of it. i reversed my t2d with healthy keto and intermittent fasting lifestyle. all with food. excellent presentation. the presenter would be more effective with some vocal lessons. overuse of inflections at a high pitch are distracting. she really should publicly state \"i am not suicidal\". i imagine many captains of industry do not appreciate her intervention. are your talking about the keto diet? i a non doctor concluded back in the 80's and early 90's that we are all lab rats for free studies used by the government and big pharma\" when they stated the egg/ cholesterol ad campaigns and afew years later reversing it drastically \" eggs are bad for you\" egg yolks are bad but whites are good\" \" eggs are great for heal one should eat multiple eggs a day for health\" this is the sequence i notice in about 15 years. this made egg whites an industry, wasted a lot of good egg yolks and cause a lot of people ti get sick, but there is no malpractice concern. no one can be sued for it. i must thank and recommend dr itepu on youtube who cure my diabetes disease with his herbal medicine which i ordered from his channel all thanks to dr itepu and i will advice each and everyone who is also suffer from diabetes disease to get in touch with him on his youtube channel an osteopath promoting pseudoscience like ketogenic diets. . typical tedx rubbish. why aren't the harbingers of disease (doctors, ama, drug companies, who), being held responsible for their crimes against humanity? amen. say it sister. super!!!! where does insulin resistance comes from? it comes from the foods we choose to eat and the lack of exercise. you look good in that color of blue. but the talk is also great. p.s. if cards considered as bricks that builds our body, why we need \"zero\" of it?? no cards or very low carbs (by my experience) diet food for couple of months is good.. till your energy level drops and .. you feel it.\nthe problem of low carb diet that we don't see that carbs even in \"real\" food- carrots, red beets as an example, by my observation the problem in processed/cooked food, even if its \"real\" because most raw vegetables are good - have everything we need, till they cooked and become high in starch and high in hypoglycemic index. and then insulin kick in.. superb we aren't designed to use carbs as our primary fuel. wow! i watched this 3 years ago, i changed accordingly and my a1c is under 5.5, and there was 2 bonusses, i lost 20kg without any workout, and also i did not have a single antibiotic prescribed in almost 3 years, compared to the 3 times a year over the last 4 decades. thank you so much! i share it whenever i can great !! what kind of diet did you do ? thanks a really outstanding ted talk!! thank you so very much sarah for telling it like it really is in the food consumption world. i know you did use the \"keto\" word, but my sister who was type 2 did so well on her keto diet that she was able to get off of medication, and her a1c now runs around 5. low carb is definitely the way to go. i have no pre or diabetic problems. but, after seeing what happened to my older sister, i now utilize almond, coconut, and other nut flours, nuts, chia and flax seeds, cheese, creams, avocados, and lupin flour pastas, in my diet. i have to tell you: i feel so much better when i eat this way! i i e it o a we thank you yuh thank y u uh y what a utnice yu what if people only cut out junk food carbs and simple carbs and kept complex carbs? did she do a study or is it all just antidotal? how do we know the improvements were not simply from weight loss? veganism is absolutely wonderful. no more diabetes, no more heart disease, no more supporting unnecessary abuse toward animals ever plow a field? to plant the quinoa or whatever veg it is you eat. you kill everything on the ground and under it. every snake, frog, mouse, mole, , worm, rabbit, etc.. the question is how cute does an animal have to be before you care if it dies to feed you ? wow! thank you! thank you,doctor. been on keto for about 11 days and i'm down 14 lbs. the best part is zero cravings. the tough part is variety of food. but i'm still learning since i'm a lazy cook. i don't have a time frame but my goal is to lose 80lbs. btw it took me 4 days to get my body in ketosis and think the reason is i added intermitting fasting. weekdays is 16-8 and weekends is 21-5 i probably have diabetes. my wife definitely has it. she recently had a crisis where her sugar was almost 500. i would love to go to zero carb. the problem is that carbs are cheap! if i could choose whatever i want without having to think about what it cost, i would eat very very low carbs. unfortunately, i have to have the carbs to fill my belly. i'm working now to find affordable options of low-carb food. what fats? be specific please. one way to incentivize vegetable sales is to establish a 'price floor' for growers (a minimum (and hopefully livable) wage for farmers. if anyone had told me i would be able to get a total cure to my herpes virus infection i won't have believed in it, but all thanks to this great dr igudia on youtube who cured my herpes virus infection with his herbs medication this is why attention grabbing clickbait headlines can be deadly. only reads the headline which says reversing type 2 diabetes starts by ignoring the guidelines. dies of type 2 diabetes due to ignoring the guidelines. she is great! few years back the advice was eat every 2/3 hrs to keep insulin level balanced . now it's different why are asians so slender if their main staple is rice?\n: they tend to walk more and eat less red meat wow! wow! \" stop using medicine to treat food\" great advise from a great doctor. i call bs. my sister has been a severe food addict since i can remember. she turned diabetic ii many years ago. she found a way to a fattening keto diet afterca heart attack and said her doctor approved. i doubt that but my sister sits all day long. hervfridge full of cheese, butter, heavy whipping cream and bacon. no processed foods. what if we just cut to the chase! great herbalist doctor who have cure so many patients with his herbal remedies, i also choose to give him a chance for 19 years i have been a diabetes patient, i contact him and he instructed on what to do which i did, and he gave me his herbal remedies which i used on his instruction. and he ask me to go for a check up after two weeks and which i did, to my biggest surprise my results came out successful, am happy that there's someone like this great herbalist who is ready to help anyone who have same problem with me should quick connect with doctor oje on his youtube channel and get the parmanent cure. it is not just medicine, but our foods. even whoe foods are grown differety. we need to demand better food! brilliant! and this is 7 years ago!! i had to figure this out on my own. no doctor even suggested it. i was probably insulin resistant since high school and didn't know it. after dropping carbs my blood pressure and blood glucose is normal. oh and i lost 35 lbs as a side effect! win win! wfpb giving unproven medical advice, kills millions of people every year. bs for broscience! i'm a nurse in long-term care and i deal with a lot of diabetic people. i have often been thinking about this. crazy. our clinic has a focus on helping people with blood sugar imbalances. i am an \"alternative medicine\" physician. when i first propose that patients not follow dietary guidelines often given to diabetic patients.... they think i am crazy.... sometimes mainstream physicians write off my recommendations as \"quackery\".... glad to see an md discussing this. in july i was diagnosed as type two diabetic with sugar at 20. i weighed 93 kgs at 5'10\" and 74 years old.\ni immediately went low carb and no sugar, reduced portions by a third and am now stable at morning sugar readings in the 5 range, having lost 20 kgs in around 25 weeks without diabetes meds.\nmy physician has formally reported that my diabetes has been reversed. congratulations ! inspiring ! thanks ! please advise on your meal plan this is part of the reason i didnt take the shot. all of our institutions are completely corrupt 62 year old male, bp was 145/90 cut out sugar drinks, pastry, and beer and in three weeks the bp is now 125/65, lost over five pounds, and the left knee osteoarthritis pain is gone. i followed dr robert lustig's advice which is the same as this doctor's. ... great talk... food for just do omad and done \"the outer, physical causal factor in disease, however, is a disturbance in the balance, the proportionate equilibrium of all those elements of which the human body is composed. ......\nfor example, the starch component must be present to a given amount, and the sugar to a given amount. so long as each remaineth in its natural proportion to the whole, there will be no cause for the onset of disease. when, however, these constituents vary as to their natural and due amounts -- that is, when they are augmented or diminished -- it is certain that this will provide for the inroads of disease\".\nabdu'l-baha,selections from the writings of abdu'l-baha,p. 153 insulin resistance is a symptom of eating too many calories. that's the actual problem, eating too many calories. the guidelines make sense, but only to the people who are selling you the food that makes you sick and the medications to \"treat\" your diabetes. low carb eating. basically, follow atkins. can you have stevia or honey in the place of sugar ? thanks! absolutely...it's what i have been preaching for years... now for me to get back on the more sensible eating plan... thanks for the reminder! dr. hallberg, or other mds and dieticians on here:\nwhat percent of people who embark on this eating advice are able to sustain it, and their a1c results, for 10 years?\nwhat percent of people who embark on this develop anorexia, bulimia, binge eating disorder (bed), restrict-binge disorder, or other type of eating disorder?\nplease provide citation(s).\nthank you. @r8chelletters seriously? do you know how many people have developed eds by following advice that was presented as \"healthy eating\"? probably most people with eds! @zed if she's hawking advice on youtube, then that's where she needs to also be hawking her citations. if she's giving advice on leaflets, that, too, is where her citations belong: with the advice she's giving out. @zed people who give extreme advice need to back it up with sound evidence. @r8chelletters sadly, plenty of guidelines for supposedly \"healthy eating\" are not so healthy, and result in people developing eating disorders. i have personally met or known dozens of people for whom this has been the case. youtube comments are definitely the correct place for a deep dive discussion including citations. what is a real whole grain? i thought rice was. it's not just the _rice_ in the chinese takeaway - it's the sugar in the sweet and sour/chop suey sauce. stop depending on chemicals,herpes simplex virus was eradicated from my body system with the use of dr udoka on youtube herbal meds. 0llll amazing statin medication created insulin resistance for me. did tests and proved that low carb, fasting for 18 hours, cutting out all sugar and stopping statins reversed my blood sugar problems. reversing type 2 diabetes? where is the profit in that? walk and cut sugars and eating rice will never be detrimental to anyone obesity can be taken down - not just hormones what a well informed video this was. in 1996 after leaving the marine corp, i started to gain weight because i kept eating the same as when i was active duty ( high carb high protein ) however i didn't have access or the time to exercise like i did when i was active duty. as allot of marines, i would spend 5 days in the gym hitting the weights, along with the calisthenics we had to do every morning to include a 3 to 5 mile run and sometimes a 10 mile run depending on the oic's mood ( oic= officer in charge ).\nso within 2 years i gained 50 lbs. and i held that at bay with getting back to an exercise routine. fast forward 5 years to 2001, a friend recommended i read a book called \"the new diet revaluation\" by dr. atkins. his book was so on point with common sense and long term health that i decided to follow the diet. fast forward to over 20 years later i'm at the age of 53 down to my key weight of 175 lbs and i am 5' 5\" tall, pretty short for 175 lbs. but i am an avid weight lifter for strength, pretty much a power lifter.\ni find it comical back in the early 2000's that dr. atkins was looked at as a killer instead of a help.\nalso i read his biography written by his wife and friends. dr. atkins did not die of a heart attack like the media, health dept. and big pharma. wants us to believe. he died of slipping on ice at his home in the winter time and cracking his skull on the side walk.\nlong story short i have been 175 lbs. give or take a few lbs. for the last 20 years and i am on no meds, forgot to mention i was on high blood pressure meds in my early 30's. @lear wbc it's a life style change brother. once you get it set in your mind that it is a life style change it's a little easier. our minds are never the same after the marines, we hold a higher degree of respect, the never lose attitude, once you incorporate that into the mid set of your diet it helps allot. the first week is the worst but stay disciplined and after the 2nd week it's much easier. good luck brother, hit me up anytime for support, i mean that. i went into marines in 96 and got out in 2000. same thing happened to me. i let myself go cause i kept eating the same but not exercising the same. now i need to do this very hard to do diet or i will probably die in the next 5 to 10 years. but it's even worse than that, because while i'm waiting to die, i have low quality of life. my vision is starting to go, it's hard to lug around all this weight, i can't get nice clothes so therefore i don't like going anywhere cause of how i look. every time i say i will change and do better, i can never follow through for a very long time and slip back to my over-eating ways, but i over-eat the wrong stuff: carbs and sugars. this cycle has got to stop. i hope i can do it. yes i did atkins for a couple years a while back, but it only slightly worked. i probably cheated too much. what kind of oil to cook with great info. no carbs. only carnivore & greens diet.\n12:40 no g=grains p=potatoes s=sugar. i had type 2 diabetes for over 11 years and over all these years was my worst experience in my life but all that changed when i came online and saw a lot of people talking about this great dr igudia on his youtube channel who has the cure diabetes disease . after ordering his herbal medication that was indeed the total end of my diabetes disease the range was 100 to 130, that used to be normal. the drug companies had the fda lower the normal to 66 to 100, now all those normals are too high. so now your type 2 , this is crazy. the real enemy is the drug companies and the fda. i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes disease to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective. keto legit works. when you allow the medicine to operate as they wish in a capitalist world - there is only one motivation left for them and that is money, and how they can produce a medicine that would keep people from getting cured, but continue to make them dependant on it so \"revenue\" keep coming - that sweater makes no sense excellent advice! but the cost is the real issue. for a diabetic it may make sense if she could get rid of her medicine and use it to buy food instead. for a normal person who doesn't have to spend on meds, following such a plan gets very costly. idk anything about food prices in america but in se asian countries like pakistan where i live whole grain flour like wheat and rice flour are waaay cheaper. 1 kg of coconut flour would cost me $17, on the other hand the same price would buy me a 25 kg bag of wheat flour. anyone reading this comment who doesn't know about the indian and pakistani food, i'd like u to know that we eat roti (the indian flat bread) with almost every food the only time we dont eat it is when we are having rice. if we replace roti with coconut or almond bread the a) how can we eat food like curries that need plenty of bread? and b) it would add significantly to my budget. some good advice mixed with a lot of misleading and wrong info. eat buckwheat! how can get in contact with this woman i am so scared of getting diabetes i don't want it i can vouch for this. my diabetes was out of control. i switched to a lifestyle like this quite literally overnight. i eliminated all food from my fridge and pantry 100%. placed an order for grocerys, documented recipes i like and even have a few deserts. my blood sugar went from spikes in excess of 300 to staying in range of 100 to 130. i keep a little box of andes mints on hand just in case i need to bring my blood sugar up but ive never had to use them. nice tip! awesome reminds me of covid misinformation that's iscright?! it used to be called sugar diabetes!! sarah i took your advice and i am recovered!!\nthank you for your help!! do you want to get married now? i want to share my happiness to the world on how i was cured from (diabetes) by dr ugbokholan with his herbal medication it's what i live buy. keto for life. butter chuggers unite! :p she lost me when she said no potatoes.. this is the video that led me to dr. berry and the keto/carnivore lifestyle! my son completely reversed his type 2 diabetes by following a ketogenic (very low carb) diet. all his blood markers including lipids and cholesterol as well as blood sugar have returned completely to normal. the nurse who does all his regular checks says it is as if he has never had diabetes. he says he's no longer hungry. it is so refreshing to hear an md such as sarah hallberg endorse this approach. can you tell me what is the commin in diabetes and cholesterol? or it's just a bonus effect that his colester decreased? is weeatbix ok? i'm so excited i was cured from herpes virus by dr oje abacha herbal home who used his herbal medicine to get rid of my herpes virus visit his youtube channel and be free from any kind of virus am trying this, thanks doc!! it's sound good sarah . god bless you american diabetes association says if you don't eat carbs while on diabetes medication you will risk making your blood sugar levels too low. so how about you just cut the carbs out of the equation and you won't need the medication anyway. i think what this is is a way for people to just keep eating carbs so that they will keep going back to the doctor and pharmacy carbs are a cheap super cheap food that is readily available at all times. every store and gas station is packed floor to ceiling with them. medication and doctor visits and hospital stays and medical operations as well as amputations are the costly hidden price for them. yes, the big pharma's interest is to keep people sick. bit not sick enough to die. the whole flu pandemic seems to be based on this principle. i detest the glib ted talk performances. some of the most intelligent people on the planet are not suited for this nonsense, while complete idiots can learn to perform like trained monkeys. read books. i'm super excited, i have just been cured from hsv 2 after using your medicine. thank you doctor oyagu... i'm super excited, i have just been cured from hsv 2 after using your medicine. thank you doctor oyagu... excerise eat right don't listen to pill pushers sugar coats the real issue. carbs are not the problem. seed oils are the problem. .............now let me ask you: did pharma come to you to stop talking?..........\nlet us know please, thank you for your time.... and efforts doctor hallberg. hello keen keto. whoa. i realized my mistake after. almost 70 yrs. brain weak. drank apple cider juice yrs. ago.. i know acv. have. diab. and kidney problems. some say vinegar attacks kidneys. thanks. i never believe i would be able to cure my diabetes disease not until i came across dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes disease with his herbal medication and i'm so grateful. you can only believe what your \"doctor\" tells you! working in a holistic clinic, the most memorable advice an osteopath imparted..eat food as close to its natural state as possible. served me well. also imagine food and it's journey in you. god bless dr edozele on youtube! his herbal supplements got me cured from herpes virus in just 2 weeks. his meds are so defective.. how many practitioners are bias'd when treating obese patients sick w covid19.\nsince i've gained weight, i've noticed there's blatant prejudice and a lack of \"care\" from my doctors. thank you. wish i had seen your presentation 28 years ago. if low carb is so great why does it have to get a new name every few years? it's been around since the 1960s. her research cites one year results. what about long-term consequences of elevated ldl? thanks fast forward to 2020-2022 ... i think people eat carbs #1 because its there,and its cheaper. its there because usually the grain foods \"keep\" or can be stored, moved easily, wheat/corn/rice etc, but fresh veg or meat no, it would need to be processed or refrigerated etc. at this point i'm feeling a bit uneasy and skeptical about these so called official health \"associations\", they seem to act like paid shills of big pharm. i wished that you were my doctor. where are you located doctor? her message is important but her fuckin voice in beyond annoying can a person reverse insulin resistance when they lose weight? everything she said about the goal being to keep you sick, sell you more medicine and conflict of interests applies equally to what we are being told by medical associations for covid. thank you so much! you are the best and brave one! the layman's terms about how diabetes 2 has made it much easier to explain it to my son who was brain injured as a 3 year old and now at 33 weighed in at 300 lbs when he was admitted to the hospital in diabetic keto acidosis now he's beginning to get it!!! thanks we'll be watching more of your videos!!! if you have type 2 diabetes please talk to a registered dietitian. this person is an expert when it comes to nutrition and disease management. incredible video! thank you finally! as for the american diabetes association guidelines change? they make money because of people that continue to have diabetes! why on god's green earth would they want diabetes to disappear? she's promoting the widely debunked carbohydrate-insulin model of obesity - unfortunately, its so easy to get sucked into believing low carb dogma and somehow thinking \"they\" dont want you to know the \"truth\" - the fact of the matter is that there is nothing sacrosanct about low carb dieting and is no more effective than high carb dieting, despite what low carb zealots may swear by, there is absolutely no credible, and reliable evidence of the superiority of low carb dieting...i realize this will shock low carb converts, but i used to believe in low carb dogma myself, until i found out the truth myself @keen keto i came across her website but could not find any 5 year study...can you please link it? actually this doctor has just completed (with several others) a 5 year study on this way of eating for weight loss & diabetics with great results. look up the verta health trial. watching dr. sarah hallberg again! yes. 80 this month but i'm a life-long learner. thank you dr. hallberg. sincerely, dr. gene kerr, ph.d. what are the good fats?\ncan we substitute coconut or almond flour for recipes requiring flour?\nwhere do we go for more information? i have been a type-2 diabetic for more then 20 years. my a-1c stays around the low, to mid sixes. i am a very disciplined person. i have not had bread, pasta, rice, or potato's during that entire time. i made up a little jungle that reads like this. (\"chicken, fish, or turkey, baked not fried. simple veggies on the side. bread, pasta, rice, potato are to hate, never again regret what you ate\"). the bottom line is that if we eliminate wheat and sweets, and move our body, we will not have the consequences of type-2 diabetes. great advice! great talk! i honestly can't stop thanking dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes disease permanently with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him. thank you so much doctor igudia. take her away says the deep state - she is destroying our business. dr. sarah hallberg should be the surgeon general! thank you doc! you are priceless! i'm 53 and menopausal. it has served me well to intermittent fast, and follow the no sugar, no refined carbs and grains rule. i broke the heriditary cycle of generational diabetes!!! what happens if i go on a diet which does reverse my diabetes while i'm still taking those two big pills for it? if you are currently taking medications for diabetes, and want to go low carb, it is highly recommended that you have a health care (preferably a doctor) helping you monitor your blood glucose, as you might find that you do not need as much in a little as a few days. i went on the doctor bernstein diet for my cholesterol, it went to normal and i lost 30lbs in a little over a month. i spoke to doctor bernstein about his diet and he told me he developed it to control his own diabetes. it's almost carb free. i just had a quadruple bypass and was told i had diabetes so i'm going back on the bernstein diet. i was just diagnosed with type 2 at 67yrs of age. i looked into it a little and read that over 60% of us are now in the same boat. shut up and turn around being recommended to dr itepu on youtube was a blessing after years of suffering from herpes, i have finally been cured, thanks doc god bless you type-2 diabetes isn't just caused by lifestyle choices. if one has hyperthyroidism then type-2 can be a result of that. a lady that i know had hyperthyroidism from childhood and developed type-2 in her 40's. taking anti-histomine tablets for an unrelated illness has meant that her weight has dropped and her blood/sugar levels have dropped. reducing carbohydrates isn't always the answer. and people should not take this at being the answer in all cases. love this doctor! thank you! this video has quite literally saved my life. thank you soooooo much. :) i started taking the medication i bought from dr igho channel on youtube and surprisingly it was working gradually and in 9days everything changed. i am amazed that you helped me eradicate my sickness naturally and i pray that god strengthens you dr igho check out fasting.... talk to dr michael mosley... or check him out on youtube.... dr mosley does the science show for the bbc, and came out with fasting... this is why making healthy food cheaper than snack food is important! especially for people who don't have money for food... i love this video! very informative and i can't wait to try it! well said! @andrea simmens-porter why choose raspberries, which are a luxury item (i don't even buy them and i could afford them if i wanted to.) how about grapes instead? they are cheap, sweet, juicy, and healthy compared to candy. if you want a crunchy snack, a bag of celery or carrot sticks cost less than a bag of junky chips. a 16 oz bag of baby carrots is less than $2.00. a 16 oz package of celery is $3.00. but a 14 oz bag of potato chips is $4.00! the \"excuse\" that healthy food is more expensive is just that - an excuse. @lisalu910 those are some instances i agree, but not every healthy choice is cheaper. the examples i have are for convenience, like bottled watermelon water or green juices, things that someone can grab on the go in a working society. not everyone has time to make fresh homemade things. why are raspberries so much more expensive than the same amount of candy? except that healthy food has always been cheaper than snack food. people just don't make the right choices, let's be honest. how much is water compared to soda? how much is a single piece of fruit like an apple compared to a candy bar? how much is homemade air popped popcorn compared to chips? how much is a package of chicken parts that you cook at home compared to a bucket of fried chicken? i dream of that words and the people can force the governments to pass a policy like that, but it's a up hill war i love some of these trolls that say \" no, you are not cured. because you can't eat like you did you are still a diabetic.\"\nthat is like saying you are never cured of the flu! once your body has fought off the virus and it is no longer present .. you are completely cured of the flu unless you acquire the virus again.\nyou are completely assured of type 2 diabetes once it's no longer present as long as you don't introduce yourself to the stimulus (bad diet) that created it in the first place. and i don't hear people talking about 0 carbs like keto, they are talking about low-carb which is just plain healthy eating. 2022 here. in the midst of another \"experiment\" on humanity. eat clean, get sleep, and stay active. definitely going to follow this advice. life saving information ! thank you thank you thank you!\ni have been following this path and have steadily lost weight and watched all my health improve.\nmy blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose, and inflammation markers have all drastically improved i lost 30 pounds over last 7 months. i know eat between 12pm-6pm each day. 1 meal around noon and the other at 6. i am not hungry anymore like i use to be. low carb veggies with olive oil and a small piece of salmon or sardines if my usual lunch and i often have a plant low carb based dinner or sometimes have a 4 ounce piece of meat with dinner. i drink about 2-3 quarts of water a day depending on how much tea i mix into my fluid consumption. lots of green tea and other herbal teas. i also do t drink any fluid 45 minutes before or after a meal. i also was able to slowly remove all asthma medications i was on since my teens. i haven't taken them in about 6 months. sugar and carbs are so destructive! i am so happy to be free of my addiction to them. i love the way i eat now and i love not being hungry all the time! i love eating small amounts and feeing full!\nthank you so much!!!!!!!\nwill forever be grateful to dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes disease with his herbs remedy. i will forever tell the world about your great medication doc. she said low carb not no carb but didn't say what amount that would be!\nanybody know? low carb can be anywhere from 20-100 total carbs a day. doctors have got to start bearing the responsibility for continuing to push the unhealthy narrative of eating lots of 'good' carbs. whatever happened to do no harm? need to back off bread ,and carbs in general. potatos!!!! back off or stop eating them . trying to get off these fn meds. came close years ago. now it's a must do. blood pressure meds ,cholesterol meds ,blood meds metformin!!! need to change for the better ,,,again . hsv 1 and 2 has been cured by dr. ogudugu on youtube roots and herbs products i'm not sure about allowing fats, i worry about it binding to insulin receptors on the cell and causing down regulation of the receptors. big pharma... shocker....wants to keep you medicated. is 7 years to late to reverse type 2? i hate feeling tired all the time at 27. i've been insulin resistant since my early 20s and my condition was caused by poor childhood diet. a lifetime of health problems were decided for me by my parents who fed me macaroni and cheese every day. it is very frustrating when people blame and shame me for something i never had control over. @pg loudoun so you are saying babies are insulin resistant. you would have to prove that to me. do you have references. we are mostly born in perfect health and made sick over time with the standard american diet, american diabetic association recommendations and the easily available processed food from grocery stores and fast food chains. but you have control now, well...since you were 18. so instead of passing the blame, do something about it.\ni just got my lab work results today (saturday) monday the doctor will call and inform me that i am diabetic and have neuropathy, you damn right i'm changing my diet! it's not even your parents' fault except maybe through genetics. i've also been insulin resistant since my early 20s although i had a good diet as a child and i was thin. may god bless you my friend! stop complaining! reduce carbs, walk a lot. it was really a miracle for me to come across dr edozele on youtube, after trying so many meds on getting rid of my hsv2 infection, dr edozele on youtube cured me and my wife completely with his effective herbal meds... very eye opening dr macdougal's studies and charts show exactly the opposite from her denunciation of carbs. his program which is on utube advocates unlimited carbs including potatoes and rice and avoiding fats of meat and eggs. wth! who is right? i guess i have to go with dr mac since he's been doing it more than 40 years. this doctor has just completed a 5 year study/ trial on this low carb eating plan with great results. her method has also been used since the late 1880s for treatment of diabetes. having said that at the end of the day everybody will respond differently depending on their health profile & ancestry. your blood work (glucose levels daily/hourly) will be the proof of what works for you. thank you foe your courage hello, if you desire a 100% cure for diabetes contact dr odigie on youtube for his medical herbs. i am a living testimony today; i got cured of diabetes after using his herbs. i must be lucky to have doctors that said to cut out all carbs as much as possible, but at the same time, they said to avoid fats completely unless they were healthy fats in moderation. still, there's a lot of good information in there. thank you. our grandparents knew what to eat. before seed oils and junk foods were made. sarah hallberg passed away last week. she will surely be missed. herpes illness can be cured naturally, i was a former sufferer but i succeeded to get rid of it with natural remedies. i highly recommend dr ono on youtube channel u may not need carb.s. ibdo. they are my ludes. ha! i'd be climbing the walls w out them.\nand i love bread. good solid rustic bread. tortillas are the lowest carb on the bread pole.\nthe flater the bread the slower it will turn to sugar in u. lord, what a voice.\nget thee to the voice trainer sweetie. my heart filled with gratitude and appreciation to dr itepu on youtube for curing my hsv with his natural roots and herbs. am now perfectly okay. may god bless you for me sir. beware hfcs. it's in everything processed. is 5 times as sweet as sugar! eat things that grew. eat things made in processing plants. a crock.\nhas little to do with all that. it's plain old gluttony. which fats should i be looking at? great info. explained in a very clear and concise manner. now its just up to each of us to put it into motion if it applies. i can't thank this compassionate doctor enough! why is the industry still misinforming millions of people with advice that worsens insulin resistance? my greatest appreciation goes to god for using dr.odigie on youtube who saved and cured me from diabetes. over many years i have been suffering from this virus, but today i thank almighty god for using this dr odigie on youtube to cure me with his herbal medication annoying camera work. the continuous, pointless camera movements and unnecessary cuts just distract from her speech and are irritating. there is no need for \"artistic camera angel of views\". please just document what she says. please put the camera on a tripod and leave it alone. the information in this presentation and the way she does the presentation is excellent. thank you. truth, true to the core in this pharma age. three weeks and three days medication done completely by using dr. ikpoko on youtube, luckily i'm finally hsv2 negative. im so glad i ran into u if you cut carbs and eat fats, how does that affect cholesterol? while i'm definitely going to try a low carb diet, i was very disappointed to find that the fitteru \"blog\" is merely a shill for various subscription ship to you meal plans.\nthere is nothing about buying real groceries at a real grocery store. my wife will never allow someone else to select her produce, no matter what i or anyone else may say. god bless you. i went keto a few weeks ago and i already feel the difference. i'm not hungry, a lot less heartburn, even my feet feel better, my skin has also improved. i just feel better. i'm never going back. thank you so much this is great advice. you should (not) take advice from your unaware assassin... ehm... sorry.. your family doctor. i recommend only dr igudia on his youtube channel for diabetes disease cure because i have used his herbs products and it cures mine here food isn't food. interesting. are \"the experts\" paid big money, to keep us sick...feeding us recommendations that contradict the scientific evidence? european society of cardiology in 2018 presented study that suggested low carb diet can cause increase in mortality. do we need more studies on safety of low carb diet? i wish she had told me more about what is okay to eat. eating certain foods is not curing diabetes. some people just losing weight their diabetes goes away. i see, not everybody can reverse their diabetes that sounds more like pre-diabetes if you can reverse it. everything you do -\neverything you encounter -\neverything you experience -\n------- is changing your brain -------- i tried using dr aluda herbal medicine on youtube to eradicate my diabetes 2, it worked for me totally well way too much junk food and way too much sitting around doesn't help us so keto diet...? how can i get an appointment with this doctor? i'm so happy right now because dr. ono has use his herbal remedy to cure my diabetes. will forever be grateful to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his herbs remedy. i will forever tell the world about your great medication doc. insulin resistance: caused by eating poorly in the first place... like 50% of americans. it's sad that the \"recommended\" diet is so terrible, and a lot of people don't seem educated on how to eat properly. because our own government recommends a diet that makes us sick. poor people who get sicker and sicker.\ni guess you could do about 6 hours of google research though to learn about it if you really wanted to take control of your health. it's still your responsibility. ignore the government recommendations and read about what the nutritional and biochemical scientists say... great insights. thanks.\nlooking for such insights on the type of proteins and fats one should consume so as not get into high cholesterol loop. yikes! shouldn't\nthe medical purveyors of diabetes and insulin face the fate of the sacklers? ty so much for this talk! my new doc just told me that i need metformin and high cholesterol meds!! i am not taking her advice!!!! going to try low carb and see what happens don't forget fatty atrophy of the pancreas. i don't drink alcohol but like sugar after dinner a little. obesity and t2 diabetes are the main money makers to the healthcare industry, why? because of inflammation and people who suffer in these conditions have a very difficult life which requires them to be seen by a specialist almost everyday. insulin resistance causes so many underlying conditions that stem from inflammation and constant inflammation can become chronic to fatal. so of course these nutritionists are going to tell a diabetic person to eat more carbs, they don't even do their own research to save that person's life. someone read jason fung. it would be very bad for denmark, if america start follow this wise womans advices. in denmark we have a company selling half of all the insuling sold world wide and america is there biggest market. my last motorcycle was partly payed with money earned from investment in this company. so please keep up the good work, eating suger. incredibly interesting, also for someone like me that haven't a type 2 diabetes, that resonate with what people experienced by stopping taking sugar, and will lead me to review what i eat to prevent future diseases. brave of her to tackle the real problems and say honestly that there is a lot of money in keeping people sick. bravo @aaron lowe bravo. amazed at your strength @bike controller congratulations on the win. i just want to say to anyone else reading this that i'm not suggesting we all ignore everything every doctor says, but if you feel you know a better way (that isn't turning a blind eye), then give it a try and see if it works before you start guzzling down pills. pills aren't *the* solution, they're *a* solution for *some* people. @creative ideas correct advice is the absolute primary need. geddit? @peter t lchf is proven treatment for type 2db and for most (99+% )of world population it's excellent style of eating. carbs not needed in diet. that was \" shocking news\" when i first found out how rotten things can be. my childish naivety vanished at last, at age 68 !!!! are you saying 15 glazed donuts a day is not ok? wrong. they have to want to lose weight. it's a job that comes before anyhting else. esp no excuse, now with semaglutide availablilty good talk, a link to a meal plan or low carb diet info would have been good. i cant apply to her program anyway accross the board, people have lost the knowlege of what's carbohydrates, though they might assume they know the definition, todays market infuses lots and lots of carb such as snacks and food products laced with overprocessed \"carb's\" that are essentially sugars; high fructose syrup is everywhere. not to mention smoothies, juices, drinks, once the fiber is destroyed, fructose, though a natural ingredient, defeats the benefit, basically becoming liquid candy! long term keto is not good and will be worse than d2. an honest doctor! wow. that's a first. this lady knows nothing excellent! thank you sarah the proof is in the results! i now believe that the pharmaceutical industry as well as many doctors work in conjunction to keep the money flowing. i used to believe that there was no way that doctors and drug companies intentionally kept people on medication if there was a way to manage or cure the disease otherwise. i know someone personally who has ra, as well as full-blown type 2 diabetes that has recently been taken off her insulin due to her a1c level reduced to below mine, and this is due to her reduction of all things carbohydrate and reduction in food intake. she has even lost quite a bit of weight as well. so, yes, it does work. a comprehensive list of lowest carb common foods would be really helpfulincluding fruits / veggies / \"substitutes\" for carb foodseasy to buy many years ago i found dr bernstein on line and read his books and followed his advice regarding carbs and the relation they had to type2 diabetes/insulin resistance. he suggested no more than 28gms of carbs per day. along with losing weight i increased my exercise and finished taking max dose metformin within a year. i am from the uk and the british diabetic assc is very similar to the us one. thanks for a great video and information .. to any one reading this struggling with type2 diabetes, this video is the best advice you will ever get. her enthusiasm of sharing the information is appreciable. overall a great video. this is true i sent my mom to a health facility that knew all about this and she was no longer diabetic by the time she left.\nhowever, you have to keep it up! no more diets! permanent great eating!\nthe best advice for permanent change is understanding we have to fast our tongues off of sh** food. just one month of that, and healthy food tastes amazing! also, learning to tune into how your body feels while eating and after eating! i eat to please my tongue and my body both. guard the gates (your teeth) to your body palace! she is making it clear it's all about money, thats why there are and never will be cures from big pharma for cancer, diabetes, parkinson's, dementia e.t.c. research and go alternative. they make too much money treating diabetes, therefore they'll never tell people how to reverse it and heal themselves. why the bunch of cientists are wrong and she is rigth? berberine. simple. do the opossite of what the guideliness say and get cancer and other diseases this is all the most basic common sense, and the entire american medical establishment can't figure this out? i think it's because of the profit motive for keeping people sick. a patient cured is a customer lost. i am not a doctor but an ex- diabetes patient. i stopped eating all man made food, white processed sugar, rice, fried food and \"vegetable oil\" and i eat only when i am hungry and eat only one third of my diet.\ni am off of cholesterol and diabetes medicine. cmon people the reason for everything wrong she mentions and every other problem in modern medicine are monetary. big medicine doesn't profit from actually helping people or healing them. they profit from repeat business. modern medicine is designed to keep us on the hook financially. the 2k a year cost savings for your average american is exactly why your did is not pushed and will never become mainstream. it takes money out of the pockets of big medicine they won't allow that. for years, i have known the truth of the claims in this video. however, my family is very low income, by federal standards. we subsist on food from food banks and fill in with grocery store food. we can't afford copays to go to the doctor as often as we need, and definitely can't afford medication.\nso, we can't afford the food we need to be healthy, nor can we afford the medicine to treat the illness caused by the food we subsist on.\npasta and rice are cheap and filling. compare the price of organic rice to mushrooms or meat, and you will see. back in the day, someone was said to have \"sugar\". my lovely husband was able to get rid of his deadly disease diabetes. with the help of dr adule powerful herbal remedies may god continue to protect you. you can visit his youtube channel for more information.. the medical industry seems to be killing off the cv19 ill as well via mal practice. one of my cousin had diabetes but a local homeopathic person asked him to consume proteins and fats alot and a mixed grain flour chapati. ha has no diabetes now.\nwhen i steeped in dietetics field i used to wonder if type 2 diabetes is reversible n how is it possible...u explained the whole thing..! thank you stop eating processed foods.\nrice is low calorie dense. fills you up for less. honestly when my doctor told me i had diabetes i almost gave up in life because i was so afraid but then i came online and saw a lot of testimonies from people here in us talking about dr igudia on youtube who has the natural herbs medication to cure diabetes disease and other disease once and for all.\nafter ordering the herbs medication that was the end of my type 2 diabetes do you think the drug companies want to cure diabetes ??? i am very clear from decades of clinical practice that insulin is also inflammatory- hence the reason we do not see reduction of all complications of diabetes with tight (insulin) control. when they came out with the inhaled insulin i was not willing to risk my patients trying this even though fda approved, and correctly so as it was removed from market (caused inflammation of the lungs- of course!). this is also why we see diabetic neuropathy and occasionally classic diabetic retinopathy years before diabetes (type 2) is diagnosed (what is elevated for years before ?- insulin!) anyone who didn't know big pharma agenda before covid, should know by now. a trillion dollars in sales of vaccines and boosters for life. ..because its making money for big pharma!!! brilliant! so wtf am i supposed to eat that is carb free??? meat! or other protein filled foods, nuts, low carb vegetables, cheeses. there are lists & or videos with people showing what they eat either in a low carb way or a ketogenic way. everyone wants to make money on us. the pharmaceutical companies who charge so much for insulin in america. insulin is much cheaper in europe and canada. my doctor wants me to come in every 3 months to check my blood levels and and such she wants to make money.\ni just got so sick of it i couldn't take it anymore cause i just knew it was all baloney. i've lost a lot of weight. and not on medication i don't need. i feel so much better. the symptoms of type 2 diabetes can be reversed not the disease itself. the only way to reverse it would be to get your body to put out more insulin. from what i understand it's not possible. i'm sorry but a lot of ppl need a diet and exercise program, i am one of them. however, this doctor seems to be an amazing supportive doctor. yep heard that, \"your sick get used to it\" dr. do you have a diet book, guidelines available? i have type 2 and all my dr wants to do is continue to boost my meds and i'm not up for it.\nthank you. why is this info not in school curriculum across earth stop eating carbs as much as possible and be active its simple don't over complicated good afternoon hope excellent video 8 minutes in, and my mind is numb from all the factual errors... the guidelines are excellent, the problem is the people don't follow them. you don't need to eat anything to get an insulin spike, for a start. and no, we do need carbs. my whole life i have been low weight, but i cannot eat oils except olive oil, and animal fats makes me nauseous, so i am now vegetarian. whole grains are part of my diet, as well as fresh fruits and veggies. still healthy, but i never eat fast food or processed food. that may be part of my continued good health (am over 60 and never sick, not even headaches). i was diagnosed in early october. fasting bg 13. i've lost 33lb bum fasting blood was 5.3 this morning. this talk as well as the blood sugar diet have helped me. thank you. wow this is amazing i hope that is true. i am so frustrated it's my sugars are high all the time everything i eat essentially has carbs or sugar. i will definitely try this. thank you! haha. so it's okay to not follow the science 6 years ago? the us seems to not want to reverse anything you have to be your own advocate ! the drug companies are fuelling this. as you said its a loop process. what are the effects over many years of a low carb diet? i've ben trying to find studies that support what you're saying. i'm finding many that do say a low carb diet is beneficial, but they only seem to have studied their participant for a short period of time (less than a year). i looked up he nhanes study you talked about and in their conclusion as it pertains to low carb diets, they said\n\"our study suggests a potentially unfavourable association of lcd with overall and cause-specific mortality, based on both new analyses of an established cohort and by pooling previous cohort studies. given the nature of the study, causality cannot be proven; we cannot rule out residual bias. nevertheless, further studies are needed to extend these important findings, which if confirmed, may suggest a need to rethink recommendations for lcd in clinical practice.\"\nif anyone could answers to why long term results don't seem as promising, i'd appreciate it! :) what happens to cholesterols? what happens to your cholesterol? i really appreciated at the beginning how she said that pre-diabetic people actually are hungrier all the time. it makes me feel very validated, and like there's hope to change that. years ago i got off diabes meds and insulin. and started following my own diet, the medical world has a constant tendency to patronize people with type 2 diabetes and talk about everything. since i have stopped taking those meds and insulin, i feel 100% better and shell out hundreds of euros a year on medication because i no longer use medication. the medical and pharmaceutical industries make people sick and keep people sick because it generates huge profits. diabetes control is largely propaganda from institutions in the medical industry. god bless you dr ono for using your herbal medication to cure my hsv 2 keep saving lives dr ono dr. atkins was right after all. here's more earnestness-of-expression and arm-waving than in many-a middle-eastern carpet market\nand when will those customers or the sick lose patience with being so-often referred-to as 'patients'?\neven so, what this 'doctor' tells us is helpful and well-expressed this talk discusses diabetes, obesity and insulin resistance as well as a diet to reverse these conditions. the speaker oversimplifies these very complex topics and leaves many important points out which i feel is irresponsible. i am a registered dietitian with a masters degree in nutrition. first, the speaker lumps all carbs in together, but not all carbs are created equal. whole food forms of carbohydrates (vegetables, fruit and whole grains) in reasonable portion sizes are preferable to refined/processed carbs - because whole food carbs contain a variety of vitamins and minerals that are important for health, and they also contain antioxidants. in addition, they contain fiber which is important for gi health and also slows down digestion of the carbohydrates. also, the ketogenic diet (which is what she is advocating) can have side effects and has inherent risks of nutrient deficiencies in the long-term. the ketogenic diet can be successful for weight loss, but it is also quite extreme and many people are not successful at doing it properly or keeping it up into the long-term. any diet or eating pattern that people cannot sustain into the long-term is ultimately not successful because once people go off the diet, they will regain the weight they have lost and be right back at square one, or even worse - because weight cycling is damaging over time. so, it's much better to learn how to eat and cook in a healthy, balanced way that is based on whole foods, moderation, as well as enjoyment - because once this is learned and becomes a habit, the person carries this knowledge and skills with them throughout their life. i'm 61 and now diabetic and on meds. sucks basically stop eating junk food and lose weight fatties!, this is nothing new! great video my herpes virus was eliminated with the help of dr ajakaja powerful natural herbal remedies nothing like natural you can get in touch with him on youtube why we dont find medicine to reduce insuline resistenc instead of going to change diet. problem is with insuline. what about those who eat lot of carb but have no probleme so need to find solution of the problem \"how do we recommend to these people to eat??\" what kind of english is this? this woman claims to be a doctor? no. she didn't get to the point thank you knowing that i'm finally free from this deadly diabetes disease is a big relief for me and my family members. all that's to this great dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i ordered form him. awful speech, truly painful, an amazing exercise in one dimensional thinking i am being careful with my life and health after being cured of a terrible herpes virus by herbal doctor on youtube called dr madida. a whole foods plant based diet is the best for everything. yes they have carbs, but good ones. i would never follow a keto diet in my life. in the long run it can lead to heart disease, and cancer...as sadly it happened with her.\ncheck out plant based doctor's recommendations for reversing diabetes. carnivore baby! give it a try! and while you are following this line of thinking, do a little research on magnesium, chromium and zinc deficiency as it pertains to diabetes. and amino acids...diabetes screws with your digestion, the protein you eat is not getting digested into all of, or a balance of amino acids.and alpha lipoic acid for treating the cause of nephropathy. both my paternal and maternal families has diabetes, parents, grandparent, aunts, uncles, and now at 30, from the symptom, it seem i got one too, i'm too afraid to get it checked. i'm not even overweight, though a bit chubby, my bmi always normal since young. i'm glad i got recommended to these videos, thanks for google algorithm i guess, as an asian, it would be almost impossible to cut your carb, but i'm gonna try, let's find out in a few months. thank you dr hallberg! great information from a great speaker! thank you. i fear for this doctors life, the medical industrial complex will not allow her to heal americans their paradigm will collapse. this woman is crazy, and wrong i adopted this dietary advice 2 years ago, and my a1c went from 6.7 to 4.7, and i feel fine. goodbye type ii diabetes! by the way, i am 68 years old, and my lipids are also normal now too -- without statins. i've avoided all medical dependence. sorry big pharma. in america everything is a business, including medicine. it's more profitable to treat a disease than to cure one. but you now have cancer ??? i have had a couple of spats with the bbc, our sanctimonious self righteous big salary ratings chasing supposedly public service broadcast service, when they have said as a matter of course that type 2 diabetes is a result of lifestyle choice. they certainly do not see it as an unfortunate disease that can afflict anyone. i certainly never benefited from any excesses in lifestyle before getting it. if you are vegan though, you do need carbs because the body runs on carbs. i'm vegan and have t2d (due to high body weight) and this has been my routine for the past month so far: i water fast for 2 days, eat 400 cals for 1 day, and then eat 1500-1800 cals for 1 day, repeat. (i take a daily vegan multivitamin and collagen pill everyday also and only light walk for my exercise.)\nit's helped me lose 11 kg's so far in 1 month, and there is no metabolic damage because unlike traditional dieting where you're expected to be at a 500 calorie deficit per day.. it's impossible for the body to permanently adjust to having zero calories per day for the rest of your life.\ni do not recommend weighing yourself everyday, especially after the day you eat 1500-1800 calories. i only weigh myself after the 400 calorie day. do not eat oily foods or processed junk foods when you break your fast, or you will receive a bad stomach. i like to eat my fav healthy foods like plant-based salads, bread and small soups. the urge to binge may occur, but you will feel full very quickly so binging more than 1500-1800 cals would be extremely difficult.\nsome people water fast more than 2 days at a time, but you need to listen to your body and find your own personal limit. for me it's 2 days just because of my t2d, on the third day my body tells me it's enough so i have 400 cals to pre-break my fast. water fasting is not recommended for teenagers, people who are highly physical as an occupation or perform high intensity training/sport, people with t1d and vitamin deficiencies, pregnant/breastfeeding women and those taking medications. medical advice from a physician is important before undergoing water fasting.\ni do not plan to do this for the rest of my life, only until i reach my healthy bmi. i feel comfort in knowing though that i can always use my personal method if i ever need to return to my healthy bmi because of it's fast effectiveness. traditional 500 calorie deficit diets would only ever work in the short term for me because i'm terrible at exercise and i would always reach a plateau that would make me feel depressed because i'd stop loosing weight even though i would then start going from 1500 calories to 1200 and even 800 (all whilst exercising the best that i could and still not losing weight because my body became adjusted to those calorie deficits.) i'd also feel so hungry and start binging and gain even more weight than when i first started.\ni'm also keen on trying out soft-dry fasting, but i will experiment on this soon. i feel great that i'm finally losing weight in a way that works best for me, and i hope that anybody who is struggling to reach their healthy bmi reaches their goals because health and living a long and happier life is worth it. it's not about 100% perfect appearances for me because that is impossible, it's about taking care of yourself. :) invest in restaurants and hospitals this is old advice which has been ignored by most for years. big pharma's point is to keep you being sick, keep you buying drugs so sad that she passed away from cancer. her legacy will live on in the diabetes patients she has saved and will continue to save. @malin - no worries but you really freaked me out especially when i saw she hadn't posted on twitter for a couple of days! lol @colin thomson goshi humbly apologize. i have unintentionally misinformed everyone. i thought i saw a report somewhere on google, but now i can't find it. my best wishes that she will be able to overcome the cancer. she is an inspiration to so many of us. when did she die? her last tweet was a couple days ago but there is no update from the family saying she passed away. the last i heard she was saying her cancer had possibly gone away after years of treatment. so informative! there is a strong push to maintain \"status quo\" to keep us all eating carbs which doesn't make sense to me. thank you! amazing folks in asian countries eat mostly rice/potatoes/ and have very low sugar in their blood?...me thinks meat is the main culprit! are folks who are veggie/and fruit eaters more diabetic? i didnt have it till i got a tetness shot, it is mad in a lab just like c19 people are gaslighted to be afraid to eat fats - it's a lot more profitable to keep the cattle on a cheap high carb diet that results in lots of profit for pharmers, and they control the media/narrative. right on, sister! think your terrific im type 2 what else is new these days?im trying on the treadmill and eating right or at least differently about my lifestyle..i look at my feet every day watching nerves dying and spots on my feet due to neuropathy but i will try i really will just wanted to thank you i'm super excited, i have just been cured from hsv 2 after using your medicine. thank you doctor oyagu. this dr. hit it on the head. 6 yrs. ago i was diagnosed type 2. i was given the standard guidelines i noticed right away that my blood glucose got worse following said guidelines. i proceeded to reduce my carbs and try different foods till i figured out what worked for me along with exercise. within a year i was in remission, and fast forward 6 years, still in remission and 30 some lbs lighter. it's easy little changes that are remarkably hard to do because it is a hole new mindset to follow. thanks for keeping it straight forward dr. @cuzzy wuzzy he said he ate different foods until he found out what worked for him. it is different for everybody, there's lots of info about cutting carbs dr eric berg, dr. sten ekberg, & dr. kellyann petrucci all have lots of great info on youtube (took me a lot of research to find them, one has to do their own research and try until what works for their own body what did u eat mike at the nine minute mark approximately, you recommend dropping carbs drastically - i do agree with that. but, what happens to cortisol levels when you do this?\nmy current struggle as i attempt to fast intermittently - waking up at 2 am and staying awake until 5 am or so. my first day off of my fast and i slept from 11:30 pm until 5 am. i have (dibilitating) poly-neuropathy (my lower legs and feet are totally numb) caused by diabetes type 2.\nthe cause of the diabetes-2 is a \"stone\" in my pancreas that has nearly fully destroyed the ability of my pancreas to produce insulin.\nif anything i'm bordering on being \"underweight\".\nmy blood sugar levels are highly elevated.\nnow what?? this is awesome information. one question - do you cut out vegetables that are low carb? i love vegetables and have cut out the starchy vegetables, but unsure if i\"m on the wrong path. i know that dr. hallberg doesn't believe in a high protein diet, but believes in a moderate protein diet. but is it possible that we got fatter when the diet guidelines in the us stressed a higher carbohydrate diet? after all, higher carbohydrate mean lower protein. and protein is a good appetite suppressant. the problem with this type of \"self-help\" medicine is that the person has to be well enough, have sufficient finances and / or relatives who are willing and able to plan diets and cook food and serve it to people who are unable to do this for themselves. i have anklosing spondylitis. i am in bed and either resting or asleep for up to 18 hours of any 24 hour period. i cannot drive (because i am on pain medication that precludes it). i cannot walk very far. i cannot stand for more than a few seconds. i cannot prepare vegetables or mix ingredients. i cannot cook anything that is not already prepared and microwaveable. i hate celery, cucumber and most salad greens. \"take out\" food and even frozen meals are very limited and often unhealthy. i would love to eat a plate of par boiled mixed vegetables, like the chinese food that i could buy easily in australia but is unavailable in the usa (because americans don't like that kind of stuff.}\nso the research done on these kinds of strategies is inherently biased towards people who richer and healthier than the average person in the first place. this means that the results are flawed, and ignore all those people for whom this system does not or cannot work. this is unscientific. shame. reach out to dr edozele on youtube, he has got the permanent cure for herpes simplex virus thank you for addressing the madness that doctors consistently are shoving down out throats! i'm so much grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my diabetes with his natural herbs medication and i'm also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from diabetes to contact him on his youtube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective. i really needed to watch this, thank you sarah! sounds like keto so this is keto dr agbomina herbal remedy is a good remedy to cure any kind of disease or infections, contact him on youtube and purchase yours and live a healthy life thank you dr. agbomina i have allways been healthy, and i have been doing intermediate fasting for a while. my daily headache has vanished and my craving have too! i just love it and the benefits from it. this lecture is so true, and great! thank you! can this be played on every news channel!!! such imports info! thank you. short: cut processed sugars and fats. eat more fruits and veggies (which are carbs) ! that's just amazing! knowledge is power! thank you dr i got cured from hsv2 infection with the help of dr edozele on youtube, his herbal meds are really effective and cured me in just 2 weeks of usage. all of this, except obesity is a symptom not a disease. i had type 2 diabetes for over 11 years and over all these years was my worst experience in my life but all that changed when i came online and saw a lot of people talking about this great dr igudia on his youtube channel who has the cure to diabetes disease . after ordering his herbal medication that was indeed the total end of my diabetes disease dr ono on youtube has the best herbal medication to get rid of herpes virus i missed the first ten seconds and thought she was talking about the unvaccinated for the next twenty. since i started taking the natural herbs medication i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel my diabetes started getting better and now it is gone forever and i'm now living a more comfortable life again. thanks dr igudia. can we have a discussion on how the ada lowered the threshold on what is considered type 2 diabetes about 20 years ago.\n140 mg per dl (7.8 mmol per l) to 126 mg per dl (7.0 mmol per l) that's how you get a new pool of the american population on diabetes meds. oh, and don't forget your statin i am a type two diabetic. i discovered keto about 4 years ago. i'm not exactly keto but i am very low carb in my diet. this works - lost a lot of weight and kept it off. no medications - close to normal bs. but if i eat a doughnut my blood sugar will go to 300. what's the negative to being on medication, other than the obvious cost and hassle? meaning if i can take diabetes medication and eat some pizza and cookies vs. taking no medication and following a strict diet, and have the same a1c either way, then isn't it just personal preference? could you still eat fruit with this approach? does she have a cook book? or can someone recommend a good one based on this? i have pre type ii diabetic, 63 yrs old, 190 lbs, as an asian, i got to eat rice and there is nothing i can do until one day... my two wisdom tooth, upper and lower, started going sideway, \"pushed\" other teeth in front to fall off or moved out of the way, pretty painful during the process of loosing one teeth per two weeks. i ate way less therefore and lost 40 lbs, so did my blood sugar level. wisdom tooth after all is wiser. so at the end my take home lesson is to fast intermittent, or have a couple more wisdom tooth :) what food to eat/ please somebody post links thank you! <3 bummer. i like toast, baked potatoes, rice, etc. a doctor recently told me to go very low carb, drink a gallon of water a day... the water bit actually helped my joints. but i miss carbs, and being on a fixed income... well, carbs are cheap. proteins and fats... not so much, especially now, when fresh meat of every kind is increasingly expensive, so it's eggs and tuna. with seeds and nuts - when i can afford them why would they do this - is the question?? do you think medicine doesn't know this??? they want you sick and on medication is the truth!!!!!!!!!! finally got cured from herpes virus, after the use of herbal supplement from dr edozele on youtube. he has the permanent cure for herpes virus i'm super excited, i have just been cured from hsv 2 after using your medicine. thank you doctor oyagu i'm actually really emotional after watching this. this is how all physicians should be. this is what medicine should be about.\ni hope word spreads about this and reaches all those who need it most. agreed. i was very emotional also. it's a relief when you hear truth after the lies we hear daily from people who do it while staring us straight in the eyes and telling us we're crazy for disagreeing. we are in a fight for our lives as we watch cheap processed food being promoted while the food that is good for us is being demonized. we must fight back for the sake of the future of humanity. @bontronblock she got lung cancer because she had a rare genetic flaw that makes people very likely to get lung cancer. @a. linn i did and maintained it for 8 years until i had to have surgery and the hospital gave me ivs with glucose in it and a bad diet. working to get back on track. it does so much eating this way to help body pain, etc.!!!! unfortunately her word was wrong reversing type 2 diabetes starts with ignoring the spoon. i just gonna say this: there is no profit in healthy or dead people. she's spot on, excellent talk! dr. jason fung has several really good books on this if you want to dig deeper. it really worked for me! government dietary guidelines have killed millions of people. thank goodness i found and clicked on this. my family has a history of diabetes, both grandmothers had it and one died from complications. i don't want my mom and remaining grandma to suffer that, i want us all to be truly healthy again. im going to try this with my fiance, she has type 2 and it's killing her. she went to the doctor yesterday and all they could say was let's try another medicine. doc i sure hope your are right on this one and thanks for not giving up on the 126plus million that are out here fighting for a healthy life stye. as a medical student i can say, they're not wrong, we've been taught the wrong diet our whole lives. landmark presentation ! well done, well expressed thank you! very motivating! i was pre diabetic, had high blood pressure, and was 50 lbs overweight. i started keto in december 2017 then started intermittent fasting in 2019. i am now fit and healthy. i lost the 50 and no more pre diabetes or high blood pressure. i'm new to this... what is keto and what is intermittent fasting... off and on? @ricky t i wasn't on meds yet. i decided to try a diet change first and that worked for me. we're you on high blood pressure meds and if so we're you able to stop? me too! this doctor is so awsum and helpful. the only thing she left out that exercise is important also i got rid of my type 2 simply by going on a keto diet she is exactly right on. very smart woman!! god bless this woman! i want a long list of all foods that have carbohydrates, and foods that do not have carbohydrates. also, i want a very long list of all of the best, healthiest, fatty foods to eat to get rid of diabetes type 2, and to get as healthy as possible. i'm only 57, and i often feel like i'm in my eighties, or even nineties. gout; freezing hands and feet. cpap, problems with so many areas. i want that all to go away forever, and i don't want it to bring me to an early grave. i want to get healthy, strong, and vibrant again, so i can do some things i should be doing; making my life better, helping others,... every month, i have to get a ton of medications. no more. the meds are making me much worse, sicker. too earnest, trying too hard. and acting like a keto diet is revolutionary. okay this woman needs to lose her doctor's license or something serious. the information in here is just not correct. ada guidelines tell you to reduce carb intake drastically. she's claiming that they're telling people at the ada guidelines tell you to eat carbs. they don't they tell you exactly to reduce them. then she goes on and tells you to reduce carb intake like she's suggesting. another word she's telling you to do the exact same thing that the ada guidelines tell you to do! cut carbohydrates drastically!\ndoing it for sensation or maybe for internet hits? i don't know why but she's trying to give people the exact recommendation that the ada is stating and trying to take credit for it! this video is 6 years old. great advice follow it folks!! watch free video below for more information about how to cure diabetes naturally\n@t this is informative but i disagree with the rice part. it's not rice or carbs in general. it's coz we started eating food from other culture and ethnicity. we all have a genetic predisposition of what food we can digest and assimilate. if you are an asian, rice won't affect you coz there is a whole lot of food combination that goes along with it. but if you eat hamburger, pizza, then your body cannot recognize it as food and causes inflammation to eliminate that \"thing\" you just ate and you will feel hungry coz you still didn't feed your body with \"food.\" so the rule is to eat local, seasonal, cultural and regional food instead of making rice and other culture food as villain. i am an indian and i eat rice everyday with vegetables which are cooked traditionally using our ancestral recipes. i do get problem only when i eat burger, chocolates and other such junk that my body doesn't recognize as food. so think about it and cook your own meal using your local produce and don't eat rice if it's not your staple food. and eat food fresh. consume it within 2 hours of cooking else the food will lose its nutrients. can somebody plz explain what she is saying... i am bad at english plz add subtitles click the 'cc' button on the video screen great talk what recommdations for non-obese diabetics. dr. oz is a quack! i liken referring to obesity as a \"disease\" to referring to alcoholism and drug addiction as a \"disease\". it gives obese people, drunkards and drug addicts the \"excuse\" of saying \"it's not my fault\"; it's a \"disease\". the bottom line is that if you accept responsibility for yourself and stop making excuses for yourself and just stop drinking alcohol and/or using drugs and stop shoveling sugar into your mouth you will lose weight and you will improve your health significantly. it's 100% mind over matter! it's 100% mind over matter! it's 100% mind over matter! wow this was an amazing video thank you. i'm trying my hardest. keto is the solution for most. the pharmaceutical industry makes me sick! thank you!!!! i'm super excited, i have just been cured from hsv 2 after using your medicine. thank you doctor oyagu this is right in line with what dr. ben bikman says in his book, why we get sick: the hidden epidemic at the root of most chronic disease--and how to fight it. my dr put me on metformin and told me the 40 carbs per meal and 15 carbs each snack and yes my blood sugar levels were high each and every time. i ended up cutting out the carbs one day just to see what happened and my levels were fine so i felt deep down that eating the carbs allowed was not solving my problem so i was left feeling confused and thinking something was not right. i stumbled on this video tonight and i'm so grateful! this makes sense and is so encouraging. i will eliminate carbs from my meals and let my numbers speak for themselves at my follow up appointment and then i can tell my dr how i got them there without the carbs! absolutely god sent content. status quo and infiltrating our money to the highest degree and we're suppose to be happy with ourselves in such a sickening environment? the sooner more people are made accustomed to this lifestyle, diabetic or not, the sooner our world will be a much happier and highly thriving place. she contradicted herself ! it takes discipline to not to eat carbs! children with cancer can't change there diet and cancer gone! herpes virus can be cured permanently with herbal product i now tested negative after using dr. ono herbal medication on youtube. i only trust and recommend dr ogie on you tube because his medication cured me from type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication. \"when food is the cause of the problem - eat more!\" \"if sugar causes your desease - make sure you eat it at least 4 times a day!\" what is the definition of insanity?\nit's incredible how insanity is considered the norm, just because people in white gowns are propagating it. it's also incredible how underrated this video is, 7m views in 6 years is nothing for how good and important it is. there is another doctor, pradip jamnadas, who recently lectured his students on the same topic, and took the understanding of the problem and also delivery of information to the next level. his videos are on youtube, highly recommend! i'm happy to read that many people managed to reverse their condition by following her advise, still, there is much more that can be done beyond this. l wish sarah hallberg did a slightly better job with this talk, but i guess it wasnt easy to do in an 18 minute talk format. she delivered basic view of the problem but without the much needed 'oomf' :)\nstay educated and most of all - healthy, happy and strong! i want everyone to join me in thanking dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him. also check out dr jason fung. he has numerous youtube videos on this topic explaining in even more detail what this doctor is saying. i'm gonna use this great opportunity to thank dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication living with diabetes disease for over 7 years was very difficult for me but all that changed when i came across dr igudia youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication. bravo! ok so drinking oil for meals should definitely control diabetes, otherwise this study is useless i'm still at a total loss as to what to eat. a cured patient is a customer lost... big pharma & doctors wants to keep us sick to keep profits coming great talk, the right food is the solution she talks quite a bit about the research backing her ideas. i can't seem to find any controlled clinical trials published in peer reviewed journals. if anyone knows any papers, i would like to read them. so far all i am seeing is anecdotes/testimonials. and as we all know, the plural of anecdote is not scientific data. i'm also quite interested in seeing some behind this. dr igudia on youtube medication really works and cure diabetes disease, i'm go grateful to have come across him on youtube in curing my diabetes disease with his herbs medication hi dr. sarah my hat off to you ,,more brave n helpful doctors like you are needed to heal the world.,, love you , god bless what about millet ? how we do it very empowering speech! reminds me of stan freberg's ads for food (food, it's good!).\nsome diseases are characterized by attracting advice from everyone who passes by. healthy mind in a healthy body .\nall you need is a balanced diet, instead of keto. for example finish breaky at 8:30 am, 11:30 a cup of coffee, 2:30 lunch, 4:30pm a piece of fruit.\n7:30pm dinner. then 8:30 dessert, or popcorn with favourite tv show.\nplenty of water, no sugary drinks, no chocolates, packets of chips & eating out once a week. or 5 day intervels. for example saturday, then thursday, then skip one week & again saturday & thursday, ect. minimum twice a week exercise & most importantly speak to your doctor & specialist. also eat mainly wholegrain bread , instead of white . 1 coffee & 1 tea a day only, with 1 tea spoon of sugar. also movies once a month. guaranteed results from effects of diabetes, high blood pressure , heart attack & stroke. because prevention is definitely better than cure. this diet i highlighted, is more suitable for people living with type 2 diabetes, because they have to eat regularly & avoid eating large portions, when hungry. it's totally up to you. you can make diabetes your best friend or worst nightmare. just look up the long term effects such as stroke, bypass surgery, obesity, high blood pressure, gangerine, blindness, heart attacks, annurysim, imputance, fatigue & thirst. & many other health hazards. you can diffuse the bomb, before it blows up.\njust look up all these conditions, & don't burry your head in the sand .\noh & never cure depression, heartbreak & bore-dome with food, it's the worst thing you can do. it's better to go for a drive to the gym or bike ride, beach or picnic. the best way to cure bore-dome is to do something constructive like cleaning, washing the car, gardening, reading & sleeping. you'll never feel thirsty or tired. your body will love you for it. because the basic functions you used to do that you take for granted, you'll difinetly miss after a stroke.\nalso the most important thing that diabetics need to understand is that after a stroke, when your kidney functioning is at 11%, you have to undergo dialysis & your are restricted to 600ml fluids a day, because most fluids go to your legs & leak through the skin. the good thing is at this stage it's not hard to reverse your diabetes & bring kidney functioning to 70%. but it's better to control your diabetes 20 years earlier, & avoid all these complications, & put your extra towards your mortgage &; supporting people in need, & god will help you..\n.\nthe key is to protect people from health hazards such as diabetes, heart attack, stroke, brain annurysim & obisity. we should have a health plan using a card system for different stages of a person's health. for example each individual's such as borderline, diabetics & stroke victims should have a dietary plan to follow on a weekly basis. because there is nothing more important than good health. if they comply with the dietary plan their should be rewards & if not, consequences. the plan should also include 3 days a week exercise. people will feel much better & satisfied, because it becomes habit. only if people knew that a stroke, will make you doing something as simple as walking down the road 4%, then they will feel it will take them 70% to do the same effort. they will agree with my idea. stroke is the second killer in the world, behind heart disease & diabetes affects more than 350 million people globally & in the usa alone every 4 mins someone is added to the kidney transplant list. but you can reverse the late stages of diabetes & live a healthy & happy life & increase your life expectancy . only if you feel what a stroke can do to you. in the past i used to do 40 pushups on my toes. but know i can't even do one. that's what a stroke will do to you if you don't take action. i was diagnosed with pre diabetes 6 months ago but by god grace i'm in india where ayurvedic medicine available after taking treatment of 6 months i'm now diabetes free. i just want to go say a very big thanks to dr igudia on youtube for saving my life from diabetes disease with his herbs medicine. thanks for this info.. stephanie tanner dropping the gems this is what i did til i ate honey\noof it was just small spoon of honey, i feel guilty this is perfect advice for lazy people.\nsince i was a kid my family has been living on a high carb diet typically 10 cups of white rice a day yet diabetes is unknown to us we never experienced that illness even obesity.\nmy grandpa is still healthy and working he's 109 yrs old still eating plenty of rice.\ni'm jacked and ripped even though i consume tons of carbs everyday. we are all healthy, fit, mascular, and vigorous.\nthe difference is that most westerners carbs are refined came from fast foods, donuts, and junk foods. and their lifestyles are sedentary. i love gluten free pasta, potatoes... so much.\ni eat one meal a day pretty balanced between carb meat and vegetables.\ndrink tea with one small spoon of sugar in each cup, 8-11 before dinner. trying to figure what really has to go. all you need is a balanced diet, instead of kito. for example finish breaky at 8:30 am, 11:30 a cup of coffee, 2:30 lunch, 4:30pm a piece of fruit.\n7:30pm dinner. then 8:30 dessert, or popcorn with favourite tv show.\nplenty of water, no sugary drinks, no chocolates, packets of chips & eating out once a week. or 5 day intervels. for example saturday, then thursday, then skip one week & again saturday & thursday, ect. minimum twice a week exercise & most importantly speak to your doctor & specialist. also eat mainly wholegrain bread , instead of white . 1 coffee & 1 tea a day only, with 1 tea spoon of sugar. also movies once a month. guaranteed results from effects of diabetes, high blood pressure , heart attack & stroke. because prevention is definitely better than cure. this diet i highlighted, is more suitable for people living with type 2 diabetes, because they have to eat regularly & avoid eating large portions, when hungry. stop believing what the doctors says that there's no cure for diabetes, i was recently cured of my type 2 diabetes disease with the herbs medication i ordered from dr igudia on his youtube channel here's why my essential keto cookbook is 100% free @ importantisimo subtitulos en espanol grandiosa informacion i was cured of my diabetes completely after the use of dr ugbokholan herbal supplements carbs aren't that bad. she didn't even mention low-glycemic carbs. to know everything you need to do buy the book protein power. and why is it this knowledge isn't widely advertised? because there's billions of dollars to be gained from treating diabetes! guess who some of those rich people are!\nbig pharma and the food industry. ware es nicht toll, nie wieder ein schlechtes gewissen beim essen zu haben? fur mehr infos klicke hier @ this is undoubtedly one of the best lectures on the topic! it is (1) objective, (2) rooted in experience and scientific research, and (3) imbued with genuine care for sick fellow-humans. such brilliancy, compassion and action help make the world a much better place for all! @a. linn except sometimes you have to have a restrictive diet. a diabetic person can not drink coke, or certain fruits even occasionally because it's simply a question of life or death. would you rather limit your alimentation or die? @a. linn well. i lost 20 kg with low carb diet, basically restoring my metabolism to work as it should. now i eat pretty much anything i want and if my weight starts to rise i just need to cut carbs for a while. at least i don't need to follow low-carb forever, more like it's way to reset body and let it recover and heal if i go overboard with sweet stuffs. i should take notes one way to incentivize vegetable sales is to establish a 'price floor' for growers (a minimum (and hopefully livable) wage for farmers. notice she doesn't tell us what percent of people are able to stick to this dietary advice long-term. nor does she tell us what happens to their health after this advice.\nrestrictive eating is a set-up for a binge, and for a restrict-binge eating disorder.\ni encourage you to sign up for eating disorder dietitian christy harrison's free weekly newsletter on eating disorder recovery. she cites the research on the harmfulness of restrictive eating. thank you. i have been recently diagnosed t2 and i really didn't understand some of the symptoms. especially the rampant hunger just after eating. why is this not common knowledge!? thanks again xxxx thanks for this. i think i'm gonna make it what about fruits brilliant speech. \"there's a lot of money made from keeping you sick\".\nthat's the point. today's medicine is mostly about making money, not about curing patients. it's got a little to do with ignorance too. dr's, many of them, don't know enough about nutrition to that's the reason, why i won't get jabbed. instead, i take care of myself: sport, eat healthy, avoid fake food, meditation, be kind and respectful and loyal to myself.\ni wish you all a nice weekend (excluding klaus schwab, he should have an average one...) @b-music yeah....most md's have little to no schooling in nutthose rition! that in itself should be deemed as criminal. instead, these are the people most count as their authority on their health. insanity ~ normalized! it's just too bad she couldn't save herself with her diet. thank you. started this a few months ago. blood sugar drop like a rock from a1c over 10 to under 8 in weeks. when i tried zero carbs my blood sugar went into the 60's, not good, now around 100-115. i hope this is not tmi. thank god for sending dr igudia on youtube to my way for curing my diabetes disease with his herbs medication karbs kill, 2 years of keto reversed my knobby hand joints. i can't thank this women enough stop teaching your kids that sugar is a treat and a using it as a 'reward' for 'being good'. great info!! i'm so glad i found this. i feel amazing when i eat low carb and i lose weight so well. certain people tell me i'm doing wrong, but this video is so validating for me. keep on your diet, many people in my life find my keto diet insane despite me being massively healthier on it, i don't mind what they say people the experts and the positive change to my body is all i need to be motivated to be on keto. why do youm listen to certain people? discern who you listen to. seeing lots of testimonies about this dr igudia on youtube for permanent eradication to diabetes disease not until i had to give it a try and my health was restored back to normal thanks dr igudia dr john mcdougall would disagree with you so would dr joel fuhrman. dr neal barnard the cause of insulin resistant is intramyocellur lipids .. the main issue i have is that this loud white woman and not insulin resistant, is speaking for others. colored people are more effected by diabetes. she is a doctor of large diabetic/obesity clinic & has just completed a large 5 year study on weightloss & diabetes control, (i am not sure of demographic of her study) but this surely puts her in a position to speak with a degree of insight. there's a lot of money to be made by keeping you sick. if you are infected with herpes i recommend that you contact dr alaho olu on youtube and get a herpes simplex virus 1&2 cure made with natural herbs . non grain flour ? do you mean glutin free (like buck wheat?) or ???? cannot imagine pizza with coconut flour..... (i am kosher) wow! just found this and can confirm it works. great presentation and 100% accurate!\nmy story is this. three months ago, i popped a 548 blood sugar. many people that go that high don't make it out. i went to a low carb/near keto diet. for me that was carbs in one meal every 2-3 days. within 4 weeks i (not my doctors) took myself off of insulin injections because it was having a negative impact on my exercise. to be fair, part of that was going too low on carbs for the exercise i was doing. i am an endurance athlete, bicycling 3-4 hours at a time or 4-8 hours of hiking. as such, i still need to keep some carbs in my diet. for me 3 out of every 4-5 meals has carbs, but for the level of exercise i do, this is about correct. two months after the diagnosis, i (not my doctors) am weening myself off of the metformin as well. it has been 100% exercise and carb control. great presentation and 100% accurate! it will be beneficial and really appreciable, if you can just share a sample day diet plan of yours.. commendable efforts next step is realizing that once you are fully ketone adapted you won't need carbs even for super-endurance athletic events. i particularly liked the story of the diabetic person of 20 years story and tackled the disease. so it is still possible for me and i've only been a diabetic 2 for 5-6 years. thank you for this information. so all i have to do to tackle and reverse this disease is cut out the carbohydrates, sugar and grains. that's gonna be hard. i'm a big bread, rice, grains, weetbix, cereals, love my potatoes, yam, sweet potatoes, love chinese food with rice and lots of rice and noodles ...etc. i guess i have to adjust. they don't educate us here in australia. and if they did, they'd be running themselves out of loss. i agree that we don't need very many carbohydrates (viz., starches, sugar), but we cannot live without ingesting some carbohydrates. she seems to be okay with people eating most vegetables and fruits but not grains. but non-starchy vegetables have 5 grams carbohydrates/serving while many servings of fresh fruits have as much carbohydrate as bread. however i do agree with most of what she is saying and i think she is on the right track; reducing carbohydrate in the diet and increasing good fats should help lower blood sugars. i also agree with her that the american diabetes association recommendations for carbohydrate are too high. nonetheless, i am concerned that too little dietary carbohydrate could possibly make the urine too acidic and possibly lead to ketosis. there is nothing wrong with being in ketosis that is nutritional ketosis (.5-6mmol/l), the problem comes if the ketone level is too high (10-15mmol/l) and even worse is if the blood sugar level is also high at the same time then the body goes into ketoacidosis. its all bollocks, i ate 3 times a day when i was young lots of sugar was fit, if you train lots you need carbs if you don't and eat too much then you will end up like this, just swapping diabetes for heart disease. i'm not eating 6lb of steak and no fruit and vegetables just to be low carb. always tread lightly, as soon as this is an obsession it's careening towards eating disorder. also, be careful with not getting your fiber, your guts bacteria literally depend on it. please going vegan did everything for me a very big appreciation to dr. igudia on youtube for helping me get rid of my five years old type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication. may god continue to bless your good work sir. wow indeed great work deserve good recommendations, thanks to dr igudia on youtube for curing my diabetes with his herbal medication. i will forever tell the world about your good work. 8.3k people are fact intolerant. ada is a scam i am a prediabetic person and saw this video and applied what doctor sarah said. now my sugar is always normal in the morning! with exercise i even burn more calories! i am in the best shape of my life! agreed 100%. thank you for the great speech. someone says he juices celery with apple cider vinegar. i am borderline diabetic. isn.t apple cider vinegar sweetened juice???? please respond before i begin juicing????? no!!! apple cider vinager is not sweetened juice!!! it is a vinagar! if it tastes sweet to you then you have brought the wrong stuff!! apple cider vinager is great at lowering blood sugars. coming across dr igudia youtube channel was indeed the greatest thing that has ever happened to me after using his natural herbs medication to cure my type 2 diabetes disease. there is another side of the same story. for example, have a look to neil barnard.s studies/book. sounds a lot like the original atkins very good diet. works. where has this info been all my life? i now have a much better understanding of how to prevent diabetes in the first place, and reverse it if i have it. excellent ted talk, dr. hallberg! idk what she talking about. i'm full for like 2 days after eating americanized chinese food please help-i now have steroid induced diabetes and i'm\nreacting badly to all insulin with bronchiospasms and now i cannot breathe. i cannot find anyone to help me get off of prednisone for severe allergies and reactive airways i will never forget the day i came across dr igho channel on youtube, i will always keep it memorable,, thank you doctor for helping me eradicate diabetes naturally, in you, i hope to leave again because am diabetes free, thank you doc.. i was referred to dr ono on youtube who genuinely helped me cure my diabetes type 2 completely with his herbal product. blood test came back at 200mg of blood sugar. before i got the medication to lower it, i followed this advice. two weeks later, my fasting blood sugar is 98mg and my non fasting is 106mg (without medication). so... yeah, it's works. kinda obvious too, if you think about it. you can't have high blood sugar if you don't eat sugar, right? it took the doctor saying so to kick us in the pants about it, but i'm glad for it. and now i've discovered a lot of sauteed mushrooms with garlic as well! if there's one thing made me happy from the youtube and social media is that we can reaching people like you guide us to the truth that had been hidden for decades, in same time i felt sad for my grandparents and many others who had been lived and died without knowing this just suffering from diabetes great info glad to see more and more doctors taking notice i am so excited that my diabetes type 2 finally gone from my body system with the help of dr ono herbal meds on youtube lol, no ones born insulin resistant 12:39 i was able to get rid of my diabetes type 2 permanently with the help of dr ono herbal meds get his contact on his youtube channel i was able to get rid of my diabetes type 2 permanently with the help of dr ono herbal meds get his contact on his youtube channel youtube is going to remove this video due to too much truth it's doable, i did it but it took a lot more than diet for me! a1c 7.1. cut way back on useless carbs. 3 month later later a1c 6.0. thanks doc!!!! 0 this sounds like the ketogenic diet. however, most keto vloggers say they eat some healthy carbs for a few weeks after a few months of eating keto in order to gain metabolic flexibility. high fiber foods like potatoes and lentils would be healthy carbs. yes she is talking ketogenic but doesnt want to frighten people away so just says' low carb'. as for eating some carbs for metablic flexibiley.... this would depend on if you are diabetic or not & how long you have been diabetic & what other health goals you have. for example if you are an epileptic then you would be strict keto all the time, for life no excuses!. aha, now keto diet makes more sense than ever : ) good courage everybody <3 thanks a million and after watching your explanation no insuling and my sugar level is normal( 83 between 95 praise god ) i removed all carbs from diet\nonce a many thanks. sadly she's dying from stage 4 lung cancer even though she never smoked. she's alive appreciation to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type two diabetes with his natural herbs medication which i ordered from him. yeah right *dr igudia!* i'm super excited, i have just been cured from hsv 2 after using your medicine. thank you doctor oyagu she is amazing!!! as biden claims he wants to help save lives he and the rest of dc ignore this. we should tax the sun and rain... ever heard anyone say \"you can't reverse diabetes\" or \"once you get diabetes you grave it for life\" or something like that then don't even remember that they said it because they're all wrong. nobody just wants to find a cure for this because they rely heavily on your sufferers not to make money. yes, it may seem hard. but diabetes is a curable desiese a very big appreciation goes to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication and i now live a more comfortable life again. if all carbs were this bad then all asians (rice based diet), south americans (bean based diet), mediteranean people (pasta, bean diet) and people whose diet includes sweet potato, barley and rye would have been eliminated in evolution. still early in the evolution. humans were not made to eat grass seeds or underground roots. thank you ma'am, this is very encouraging. seeing a lot of reviews from dr igudia on youtube for diabetes disease cure not until i gave it a shot and that was the end of my diabetes disease after using his herbal medicine great talk... eye opener but what's are the fats she is asking to eat ? any suggestions ? now i believe diabetes can be cure all thanks to dr ono my sister got cured from diabetes after using the of dr ono herbal meds on his youtube channel. the day i, more or less got diagnosed with type 2 d. i was directed to this video by a higher power along with a couple other videos. they changed my outlook and in a little over a month, the results are better than i would have ever remotely expected. for any one of the many millions with type 2 diabetes, this is worth a watch. i'm sharing it because it's probably one of the most life changing bits of information i've found in 51 years. it has 100% worked for me and believe it's true 'health care' rather than 'sick care'. it might encourage and motivate someone else? who knows? it's taken the most drastic modification for me but numerous other symptoms of underlying issues are also gone! i feel the best i've felt for at least 10 years. god will continue to bless you dr ono your herbal medicine cured my type 2 diabetes i'm so happy and still shocked right now cuz i'm a living testimony contact the miracle worker on his youtube channel dr ono how long does it take to reverse pre-diabetes? @rocs cee\ntake no notice of *\"james clarke\"* aka *dr. ono & \"dr. igudias!\"* above.\ni reversed mine in probably 3 months but you can see a big difference in a matter of weeks. not too sure about what the lady is saying here but it all seems to stack up. i really did my own thing & thankfully, that is working for now so on no meds whatsoever! @box thank you! to reverse t2d or pd can take as little as a month to reverse if you follow a low carb diet or if you cut down the carbs you take in everyday. but if you only manage it, it will never go away. sadly, newly diagnosed. 5'2\" and 135 pounds. totally genetic. my dad was a small man with type 2 as well. damn does this mean i have to give up scottish oatmeal??? difficult one as that is an amazing way to keep your cholesterol low. i managed to reverse my type 2 so will allow my self a little treat but generally anything that i eat that contains sugar will have to be at a 4% or lower sugar content. not too sure what oats are?\nyou have to be careful, i bought some beef jerky thinking it was protein & that had something like a 26% sugar content! i am so excited that my diabetes finally gone from my body system with the help of dr ono herbal meds on youtube meeting dr igudia youtube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease. @helen e\nthat's probably what he/she tells you to eat as well! spam my son has diabetes stage 2 his blood sugar is 377 and his a1c is 12 . he is 30 years but he is so depressed, he is careless i don't know how can i help him . 3x carrots\n1x apple\n1x beetroot peeled\n1x cucumber (cut about a 5cm piece)\nthen juice everything\nadd dill to the mix, i'm not a doctor but this remedy helps with diabetes. try and see the effect please do test daily to monitor your sugar levels @helen e you're funny \"i'm not a doctor\",; that is all we need to know, this tedtalk (literally) saved my life. im confused, does she mean all carbs or just like the starchy bready stuff? do we not need the nutrients from vegetables and most of those are considered carbs?\nhaha sorry i had so many questions, i asked before finishing the video! genius and crystal-clear evidence presented ....\nin this is quite out of the box knowledge. i love it. well-done....and absolutely great...\nthis will lead big pharma to freak out due to decrease in sales of insulin, metformin, etc thanks wow, this sounds like wonderful advice!! thanks! i appreciate that she uses science in a practical and relatable way that allows one to fully understand why the diet change. i was loathing change but i get it now. d2goal method the moment i came across dr igudia youtube channel that was the end of my type 2 diabetes after using his herbal medication in curing my diabetes. uh, my doc says stay away from carbswhen was this recorded? so just lose weight to end diabetes ? beautiful how is this reconciled with eastern diets that are highly reliant on rice and noodles and the population is significantly slimmer and healthier? where i live, rice is eaten 2-3 times a day. question, is she basically suggesting a keto diet? meeting you dr igho on youtube channel is like meeting god himself because, you did in my life what no doctor can't do. thank you for eradicating my type 2 diabetes naturally, honestly doc you are a life saver where are the ct scans? if these patients are healthier we should be able to see it on the ct scans? did the patients live longer? did the patients report the ability to perform physical tasks. did they report more or less back pain than ... yes, most doctors, cde, and dieticians all got it wrong for so long. i for one have taken control, i do not fear saying no to a doctor, no, no more medications, no i am not eating 6x a day, no i am not eating 210 carbohydrates a day, ... excellent talk. i included links to this in my book and recommend it to my support group members. i can tell you that this is true let's start to hear and see from her perspective as someone who's passionate about her job that is healing ppl with diabetes thank you! is oatmeal a whole grain? yes. what about a person with type 2 diabetes that suffers from low blood sugar levels and gets dizzy and weak? what can help with that so it doesn't get worse ? am very delighted and grateful with the immediate cure to diabetes i got after using the herbal treatment from dr mados on youtube. am grateful .. spam am very delighted and grateful with the immediate cure to diabetes i got after using the herbal treatment from dr mados on youtube. am grateful .... @helen e really?? spam inside us all there is an infant that longs for mummy. in our individual society we are lonley and we let food comfort us instead of a mother @rukayyat sani you changed your foodhabbits ? yes indeed, great work deserve good recommendations, thanks to dr igudia on youtube for curing my diabetes with his herbal medication. i will forever tell the world about your good work. meeting dr igudia youtube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease. spam the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease spam this is a beautiful talk. i am diabetic but for the last eleven years. have not taken any diabetic medicine. just stay away from sugar and carbs and exercise and reverse your diabetes. i have stopped eating wheat, soy products and drinking the milk of an animal and alcohol. the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease spam tell the mexicans \"no more tortillas !\" not gonna happen nobody in the world should eat bread ? shouldn't everybody in asia be diabetic then with all the rice that they eat ?? would you say quinoa is okay to eat because it is technically a seed? so you're hungry soon after chinese food consumption because it contained rice? i'm a little skeptical of this claim. so, if i just shovel nothing but crab rangoons in my face i'll remain nice and full? can't believe this vid hasn't been pulled. this truth is not popular. great vid! highly r3commend this woe. @rukayyat sani spam i don't understand no potatoes. they come from the ground. if i boil a potato and don't put anything on it to make it unhealthy then why is it bad to eat? @rukayyat sani spam refreshing no potatoes? y i reversed my diabetes i alway skip breakfast and exercise daily i'm most of the time in the 80s it's a new and better life style what sort of fats ? healthy fats like olive oil and coconut oil! big pharma is not going to like this 17.30 \"theres a lot of money to be made by keeping you sick\" ...this is the main problem...health proffesionals need to watch and promote talks like this and stop hiding in the shadows..time to step up to the plate . very well presented and easy to understand. thankyou sarah. this was a very good talk, and she was dead on regarding the health care industry that makes sure they proliferate health issues so they can make boat loads of money \"taking care\" of you. most of the healthcare industry is a sham run by big business that gets in the way of people that want to be doctors to truly help people.\nthat being said... this woman is not a hero, and she's not talking about *reversing* diabetes, she's talking about *managing* diabetes. let's face it, if your pancreas doesn't produce enough insulin to allow you to eat a medium sized baked potato with your steak, have an occasional plate of spaghetti (or even a doughnut!), have a sandwich on whole wheat bread at lunch, or a bowl of wheaties for breakfast without experiencing unhealthy bgl... you have diabetes. eliminating carbs from your diet addresses the high bgl, but does nothing to restore normal pancreatic function. ever.\ni was diagnosed with type ii diabetes 3-1/2 years ago while in the hospital with severe staph infection in the bones in my foot as a result of reconstructive surgery involving 3 plates and 16 screws 6 months prior. i am a healthy, fit man who is 5'10\" and weighed 168 lbs when admitted to the hospital, and my bgl was 500. i used to play tennis 4x per week year round, play golf, swim, ride my bike, jog, lift weights, etc. so, very active. when released i was on 18 units of insulin and 2000 mg of metformin per day. after 15 months of almost no physical activity while my foot recovered, and modified/reduced diet for diabetes, my weight plummeted to 144 lbs, and to date i have only managed to recover to 158 lbs. most of the foods that are recommended for \"healthy\" weight gain (rice, pasta, bananas, etc) are no-no's for diabetics. i will never completely eliminate carbs from my diet because despite what this speaker says i don't think that's a healthy, balanced diet. i have, however eliminated white foods (sugar/rice/bread/pasta) and have dramatically reduced my carb intake. if i eat carbs i try to pair it with healthy fats (peanut butter, cream cheese, avocado, etc). i am now off insulin and down to 1500 mg/day of metformin. i have recently amped up my exercise/fitness program to lift weights with more intense workouts and increase my caloric intake to 3200 calories/day... which is not easy to do on a restricted diet. i hope to at least get back to 162-165 lbs by restoring some lost muscle mass, which i am told will increase my body's ability to consume more glucose and allow me to further reduce or eliminate the metformin. currently my fasting bgl is averaging around 120 and night time (2 hrs after dinner) is averaging 140. my a1c was 11.2 when i was released from the hospital, i reduced it to 6.7 in the first three months, and it has never been above 6.4 since then. if i can keep it in the 6.0-6.5 range i will be satisfied. the side effects of metformin (primarily diarrhea) are not fun.\ndiabetes is a unique journey for each of us affected, to be sure. thank you. if you listen to this you will never get well. this girl is so smart allopathic medicine is not about addressing root causes, it's about making money. no sick patient, no money. oh gosh! they are wrong and sarah! you are more so! watch a rabbit and/or a horse and learn how they are not getting diabetes 3 weeks ago i was taking 60-80 units of insulin a day with what i thought was a low carb diet. was struggeling to keep my bs below 200 with insulin. changed my diet to salads with a fistfull of cheese, some olives, and about a quarter bottle of full strength ranch (less than 2 carbs per serving, so ~ 16 per bowl). i'm also drinking straight olive oil, maybe 3-4 oz a day spread through the day. haven't taken insulin in a week, and woke up at 158. the kicker is i was 124 last night (again without insulin) and decided to eat a bowl of noodles after my salad. i get eating a shitload of ranch isn't ideal, but it definitely makes the new diet doable. if you still can't eat carbs then it is not resolved and shouldn't be taken off their medical list because they still have diabetes and especially since this program keeps people on metformin. health is wealth\njoin doctor oseiwe on youtube channel, he was the one who cured me diabetes & asthma completely... we do need carbs and minimum requirement is not zero as she is suggesting. @dr osez ok we get it already geez! enough is enough whole food plant based diet is the way to go! i am a insulin dependent diabetic and insulin does not make you hungry, it does the opposite. just tell me what to eat and what to avoid. she is a true and a real doctor... she advocates prevention of the disease called diabetes. i love you dr.! wow... i must stop eating rice!!! love this come on........people are responsible for their health, 90% of all illnesses are there due to a wrong lifestyle, your life is your making . thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes disease with his herbs medication and i now live a normal life again no one in america will have freedom as long as this targeted individuals mind control torture program runs in america. its real. mk ultra ken rhoades this will be used to totally control all americans. 5g will be the final nail. the hammer program is being exposed !!. this was used on trump. and now they are adding a lot more of you daily. track and trace they have been doing this to targeted individuals for years lupita macedo\n1 second ago\ni have type 2 diabetes. i suffered a lot ! i had an a1c of 11.5 !! i do not suffer anymore.\ni stopped eating anything made from grains !!! no tortillas, no corn, no wheat products, no bread , no gluten, no rice, no potatoes and try to lessen sugar as much as i can\nnow my diabetes is under control !!! in three months i lowered a1c to 6.5\ni recommend you read the book : grain brain\nmuch love. lupita from california :) this doctor is speaking the truth. i wanted her to keep going! yes yes yes.... finally some truth!!!!!!preach it ! i was cured of type 1 diabetes by a great herbal doctor called dr udoka with the use of different combination of africa herbs. everything! in america, is about money... money. money. money. killing people is... too bad. here in the us, medicine is industry, not health. they dont know anything at all about actual health. can i make sourdough bread with one of the flours she mentions at 14:10 in this video? meeting you dr ebhariagbe on youtube is like meeting god himself because, what you did in my life is what no other doctor can do. thank you for curing my herpes virus completely you are a life saver may god bless you ...., thank you, i dropped my a1c from 7.6 to 6.1 in one month can you recommend some tasty recipes please? i dont eat carbohydrates or starch. feeling better. i got diagnosed with covid 4 months back,after that i got diagnosed as diabetic my hba1c is 10.5,but dr udoka on youtube cured me. i'm gonna use this great opportunity to thank dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication its simple quit eating sugar and starch. if i can go from being a humingbird living on mountain dew and cigarettes to not hungry and eating low glycemic vegs and meat primarily and im now getting close to ideal weight with 1200 calories a day. one hour of aerobic exercise a day only and i feel great. no joint pain, better attitude and general outlook, etc, etc. control stress and work on gut microbiome also... it needs to be a systems biology approach, not just one sided. if you have chronic stress that's keeping you from sleeping, driving insulin resistance, doesnt matter how many diets and drugs you take... you must take care of the problem :) i was cured of type 2 diabetes by a great herbal doctor called dr udoka on youtube with the use of different combination of africa herbs very informative, i'm also going to use this opportunity to recommend dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication what about bitter vegetables? my dilemma is i am trying to lower my a1c number and keep it down .....recently i have by cut way down on all types of carbs, and i have have now lowered my a1c number significantly ( 5.5 ) i also exercise every day.......however i have incorporated a lot more eggs, cheese , meats into my diet and was recently scolded by my cardiologist ( i am also a heart patient )....can you recommend a diet to keep my a1c down and that is also heart healthy...thanks much something's not right here!\nit been 7 years since this video was published.\nso many positive comments below.\nyes, there are a few educated people in the comments below who miss the point that sugars are the main poison here.\nbut why, in october 2021, does this video have 8,300 dislikes? the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease i really don't know how to appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his herbal medication. anybody who watches this should check out why she is so wrong in so many ways and to prove it check out the physicians community for responsible medicine, and or check out mastering diabetes youtube channel and website do you make this one thing can change your life forever guiding you to live a happy, healthy, productive life. i watch the whole video without scrolling. this talk should be shown in every school teaching medicine and health. unfortunately it won't.\nwelcome to 'the system'.\nthe current project is operation (fake) 'cough it'. the updated version was 'dealt' and now 'micro on'\ndisclaimer: this is just my hallucination, don't believe it\n:) red meat! can i eat red meat? low carb diet is another way to treat the symptom and not the problem. whole plants are incredibly healthy in the majority of nutrition research. exercise and eat whole plant based and your ability to deal with carbs will improve. things are more complicated than what she presents. the day i came across dr igudia youtube channel was the day i started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my diabetes disease i really appreciate dr. oyagu herbal on youtube channel for curing my herpes infections with herbal roots medication. i am free now the thing is, as you are becoming insulin resistant, your blood sugars will measure normal and many will not see the problem. insulin needs to be checked too which is a bit more complicated to do but not an excuse not to. very informative, i'm also going to use this opportunity to recommend dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication i don't really know how to thank you dr ogbomon on youtube for making me to live like my fellow mates and for curing me from diabetes ... thank you so much may god always strengthen you and your work carbs are good for you. i am on less meds because i have a doctor who is just like this lady!\nthank you. i am reversing diabetes after 17 years @pal winder singh just do the keto/a low-carb diet and you'll have see the same results. fantastic hi sir good evening please explain for reverse diebite type 2 please now i know why i am always hungry she definitely does not work for big pharma been type ii diabetic for five years. a1c 12.6 blood sugar 386. the doctor wanted to start me on insulin immediately, but refused. my wife ( a nurse) put me on a low carb diet along with metformin. now i eat 90 carbs a day, split up however i chose, 30 per meal or 45 twice a day. no pop, corn, rice, candy, cakes, very little bread, very little potatoes, and no alcohol .yeah it's tough, but my a1c has been below 6.2 for four years. yea, tell this to people that \"just trust science!\" what she's saying is science.. and you can trust science. doesn't mean you have to blindly trust what corporations do with it. it all sounds greek to me. all i got was just eat muffins for breakfast. and whatever that was she makes for dinner. eating those two things for life can get old. great info. dr ken barry changed my life with this knowlege. this is remarkable information. thank you sarah. you are a star! i will always thank and recommend dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication as a l&d nurse most of my experience with diabetes was gestational diabetes but i never consulted the ada guidelines before educating patients on their diet. doctors orders were to eat low carb to aid in maintaining a normal blood glucose during pregnancy. will have to now go see what the ada is recommending 6 years later. information they said it power so i want to take this time out to appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication decrease carbohydrates. every one knows. talks a lot. any magic formula for obesity. it makes sense to make people take carbs if you work for a pharmaceutical company. seeing a lot of reviews from dr igudia on youtube for diabetes disease cure not until i gave it a shot and that was the end of my diabetes disease after using his herbal medicine information they said it power so i want to take this time out to appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication great talk. but. how does someone become obese and insulin resistance- it's not just by eating carbs. it's eating too much and too frequently. don't wait until you become obese and have diabetes before going low carb. but what about people in india..many eat carbs 3 times a day. and a lot of it. but they usually are slim..because they eat carbs with curry , vegs or legumes.\nmy guess is that many such people have high blood sugar ( esp after they eat the big carb meals ) that might classify them as diabetics..but their blood sugars go up and then down.\nand many live long ..past 80s what a great joy in my heart after getting a complete cure from dr igudia on youtube for my type two diabetes with his medication. thank you very much doc!!! i will forever thank dr ugbokholan on his youtube who cured me from my type 2 diabetes with his herbal remedy.. pastor dennis pollock brought me here. omg, i am watching this video in 2021. this information is so much vital & it should reach to each and every diabetic & obesity patient. thank you sarah for your ted talk. i can't have chicken, eggs or fish so low carb diet is not easy. i don't eat beef. i do eat tofu but there has to be another way. so restrictive that it makes me want to have a tantrum. who can realistically live like that. after testing in the pre-diabetes range... and having a family history of type ii diabetes... i reduced my calories to 1800 per day and my carbs to 100 mg. i cut out fried foods, junk food, fast food, bread, pasta, potatoes, and rice. lost 30 pounds and got rid of gerd. i'll never go back to carbs! the diet that works for me, if i can stick to it is: no: white flour, white rice, potatoes, pizza, soda, fruit juice, processed sugar. we travel a lot, and dieting on the road is difficult. in april/may, i lost 10#. over three trips in june to places like charleston, sc; and lots of triple-d restaurants, it gained it all back. now i am guilty. i've got to stop watching the food channel - seems that all the hosts are obese. ur doing good because ur aware. *i avoid going out because they cook in seed oils (such as vegetable oil)..and yes, traveling is a difficult time for eating healthy. in most cases, obesity is not a disease. it is too much of the wrong food, and/or too little exercise. witness many polynesian people, who under the influence of western culture, changed their diet to chips & cola, canned food, et. perhaps seafood and plants, now junque food galore. the idiotbox and the dumbphone, instead of foraging for easy food from nature. my bmi is 33, there is no explaining that away for me. bad food choices, and a sedentary lifestyle. only 2 months i reversed my a1c from 11.27 to 7.26 the whole world would understand and follow her after understanding all the diabetes treatments are a hoax. hlo i am piush i suffered from hemorrhoids and i took medicines from planet ayurveda now m feeling well i'm very much excited to have come across dr igudia youtube channel some time back. his herbs medication are really effective in curing diabetes disease. better check under your car each morning because i'm sure big pharma isn't excited about you teaching their victims how to fix their forever drug prescriptions insulin is a hormone. nobody talks about this. next on links was:sugar is not a treat but coca cola can assuage respiratory inflammation a good mild substitute experiment for the old burst of albuterol. taken in moderation. excercise or hard work w elevated heart rate so go behind the gardeners and detail out the corners. i got rid of my type1 diabetes with herbal remedy from dr oyalo on youtube channel. his herbs saved my life. i have been indoor since since 2020 due to the pandemic and my condition so i have to take the option of dr oyalo herbs nd it work for me \"why isn't low carb the norm?\"\nbecause you have to acknowledge a mistake. because you have to acknowledge how wrong our food pyramid is whose foundation is based on poison - grains! because the government started the obesity problem when the food pyramid came into being.\nhow bad is it? look at a typical retirement facility and see how shockingly bad their diet is when a significant number suffers from metabolic syndrome!\nwho tells the real story. the correct path? not an endocrinologist nor a diabetic doctor, but an endocrinologist/diabetic doctor who has experience with cancer!!! and definitely not the american heart association nor the american diabetic association! also wanna say a+ enunciation; wasn't expecting much so 2x playspeed, everything still intelligible didnt know insulin makes you hungrier, just thought it was the dip in blood sugar later on. good to know the trouble is we have so much conflicting evidence from so called studies and facts from doctors who promote high carbs no animal foods, to the low carbs high animal foods . i have just read the china study and basically its the animal protein which is the villain ??? how can the science world be so divided ?? in it studies in its tests , we know the meat and dairy industry is good at getting doctors and governments to manipulate figures in favour of their products, so diet is now just a leap of faith, i only eat meat maybe once a month , what as changed ??? if you are right then the questions must be asked why wasn't diabetes an epidemic in india china japan etc who main diet was rice for centuries, i am not trying start a argument , i am just trying to understand why you doctors are not getting the same results from studies and tests , the only thing i can see as a similarity is we eat a lot more junk food and refined sugar products , yet these foods are rocketing in the market place as if they have a free pass , one thing that really frustrates me about the subject of diabetes is, how many people out there aren't aware of, & don't even believe, either. that there is such a thing as type 1.5 also. 1.5 is what my maternal grandmother had years ago before she died in 1991 at 72 yrs old. i've called the diabetes association & told them about my grandma having this & that i'd certainly appreciate it if they would start advertising this type of diabetes also. so far, no luck. just like those who have 1 or 2 alone, type 1.5 is just as dangerous too if & when it isn't found or treated, either.\nfor those who aren't aware of what type 1.5 is, the most straightforward description i can give is this. you have just as much symptoms of type 1 as you do type 2 diabetes. you can wake up extremely low & fall asleep with it dangerously high. it reminds me of myself & my grandma whom when we both started in our early years having thyroid problems. we would go from hyper one week & be skinny like a rake to hypo the following week & have actually gained 50 or more pounds without ever eating differently, more or less, changing exercise routines, etc... our metabolism in our bodies changed that much & that quickly too. no joke, all fact.\nwhen my grandma got older & started having diabetes symptoms, they had a hard time determining if she was 1 or 2 & that's because she had both. she had just as much of type 1's symptoms as she did type 2's symptoms. she was 50% of each. back then, they didn't know much about how to treat someone with both where i live. so, grandma ended up with gangrene, amongst many other issues too as a result of untreated thyroid problems, etc...\ni really would appreciate it if doctors out there would make videos like this one about people like my late grandma who had type 1.5 diabetes. it really needs to be advertised & put out there because, there could be many people out there who are unaware that they are like my grandma was & a friend of mine who is now in her 50s with it also. more people need to become aware of this issue too, if we want all people to be treated fairly, & for their bodies to be able to fight & be given a fair chance at life too. so please. would you mind doing a video that explains to all people possible that my grandma's problem was & is a real problem & not some story that i made up as may people think? too many people even medical professionals don't believe that this problem exists. thank you very much for your time & help in this matter. it's greatly appreciated by us all. take care. marie sparling from iroquois falls, ontario, canada. 100% agree - great information! i lost over 100 lbs eliminating sugar and processed carbs and teaching myself how to lift weights (resistance training) food heals! :) god words can never go back in void he said that there is a dew time for everything and this word kept me going, untill i found dr igho on youtube channel who finally brings the word come to pass in my life. thank you dr igho for putting an end to my diabetes disease 123k likes only? lol i never believe i could get rid of my diabetes disease not until i came across dr ugbokholan youtube channel and after using his herbal supplement, that was the end of my diabetes disease i believe in exercising ,it keeps you healthy and strong .it reverse allergies. if you are infected with herpes i recommend that you contact dr alaho olu on youtube and get a herpes simplex virus 1&2 cure made with natural herbs i appreciate that this doctor doesn't bs for the first 10 minutes. she cuts to the chase and spits out fact after fact. i wish all speakers were like her. thank you sarah! except for the fact that she's saying \"you don't need carbs\"...this is balogna, especially for people with preexisting kidney disease, it reduces the diet to fats and proteins and could even make the problem worse and will likely give kidney stones to people even without preexisting kidney problems; not to mention, try being \"regular\" without ingesting any dietary fiber.\nhowever, there's no denying, like she said, that people often eat too many/much carbohydrates. (but, as the saying goes \"don't throw out the baby with the bath water.\") such passion and compassion, no b/s. plain and simply talking. i got more info in a few minutes than a lot more video i watched. i'm definitely going to be following this lady. thank you, sarah! ted should not be taken as fact. most of it is personal opinion and is not founded in valid science. don't assume because a speaker sounds like an expert who knows what they are talking about is correct or stating fact. wouldn't be ted if they did. so then how many carbs are people with diabetes allowed to eat? how many veggies? @mindsinging look at the carbs in it. carrots are much higher than cabbage. you can measure your insulin resistance. take your bg. then eat \"a portion\" of whatever it is. then every 15 minutes take your bg and write it down. do this for 3 hours or until the bg returns to pre meal. (which ever is shorter) do this on different days to get an idea how your body responds @jim kennedy obviously, sugar is out of the question. i meant veggies as in carrots, cabbage, etc it depends on how much you can tolerate. it depends on the veggie. there is a big difference between 32 grams of sugar vs corn vs aperagras. its not a disease....its the result of wrong info which makes wrong habits i'm gonna use this great opportunity to thank dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication so what you are suggesting is that big pharma wants to sell medicine as a \"maintenance drug\" and is paying doctors to prescribe them. i wonder what else can easily be solved with diet. thanks for the confirmation. dinosaur information.\nfats cause insulin resistance and diabetes. pharmaceutical companies & food processing companies control the health care training. most doctors are reps of pharma industry. some of them have no clue, other than recommending meds. very few doctors come forward and discuss with facts and figures. dr. jason fung, dr. sten ekberg, dr. ken berry, dr. b. m. hedge are few doctors that i know, give exact info what we need, including dr. sarah hallberg. thank you for your dedication to dig the truth other than promoting pharmaceutical companies and food processing companies. thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his herbal medicine you can get cured by doctor oseiwe on youtube with his herbal medicine, to cure diabetes and asthma and some other disease permanently why treat people when you can make profit off of them. medicine has become a business tbh they don't care about people's health :( but i'm grateful to doctors like this finally a doctor saying this! so sick of doctors constantly telling us we need to eat carbs when it's quite obvious how useless they are! dr igudia on youtube medication really works and cure diabetes disease, i'm go grateful to have come across him on youtube in curing my diabetes disease with his herbs medication god bless dr igudia on his youtube channel for getting the cure to diabetes disease. i'm finally free from this deadly disease what fats? give examples of them. 50 is a low number for a study simply don't overeat carbs. sadly, dr. hallberg was recently diagnosed with stage 4 advanced cancer. i hope her extreme diet was not the culprit emphasis every other word if not more! @lester falcon my sentiments exactly. i love the animated passionate presentation, even though i am not diabetic. i'm grateful to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my diabetes disease with his herbs medication i'm finally free from this so called diabetes disease with the help of dr igudia on youtube after using his herbs medication. enlightening!!! wow that was a great lecture i'm so happy i found this 10.3.21, but i wish i found this a decade ago. think of it this way... we're allergic to carbs!!! i'm finally free from this so called diabetes disease with the help of dr igudia on youtube after using his herbs medication. 666 i really enjoyed this lecture from dr. hallberg! i've learned a few things i did not know, like zero carbs is perfectly fine! i've been doing low-carb for quite awhile and have found it really helps with arthritis and inflammation. dr igudia on youtube have really made me believe in his herbs medication after using his herbs i ordered from him in curing my diabetes disease unless your diebetes dr. u shouldnt be making videos when thats not toue expert fields.i know more avbout what it does how t effects your body i seen what it does .i lost my wife to diabetes thats how i know whats it does mentally and physical damage it does in this study it was possible to achieve remission of type 2 diabetes with a diet containing 50% carbohydrates. the main reason was weight loss. that is what matters.\nprimary care-led weight management for remission of type 2 diabetes (direct): an open-label, cluster-randomised trial may god bless dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes with his herbs medication god bless dr igudia on youtube who cured me from diabetes disease with his herbs medication with gratitude in my heart i wanna say a very big thank you to dr igudia on youtube for helping me eradicate my type two diabetes with his herbs medication. what about heart patients with their arteries are blocked? can they eat fats too? also remember, ignore all the comments about fraudulent doctors and their herbal cures. i can only thank dr igudia on his youtube channel for his herbs medication i used in curing my diabetes disease \" there is a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick \". this lady is a saint!!!! 100% correct. @tebytorozo that is a bunch of bs. she died of lung cancer 7 years after this presentation. @tebytorozo what? being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. carbs and sugars are like drugs!!!after two weeks of quitting it, the craves go away and you stop wanting it or caring about it coming across dr igudia on his youtube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication to cure my diabetes disease this! she is right on with her lecture, but the key is insulin. when the insulin level is high, constantly, say for years, diabetes is building towards a diagnosis. the way to increase insulin is carbs so a diet devoid of carbohydrates will bring insulin levels down to normal. the problem is that we do not measure insulin levels, instead we measure blood sugar and hemoglobin a1c. i think the key is measuring blood insulin levels and work on lowering insulin, and yes there are medications that will help here and yes very expensive. there is a new medication for type 2 diabetics coming out in 2022 that the weight loss, in studies, have been equal to weight loss surgery ,but it will cost approximately 800.00 a month. insurance will not pay for it and likely neither will medicare plans. so the meds work to lower carbohydrates by various means, so the answer is in the mode of action, carbohydrate control and we can do it for cheap by just not intaking carbohydrates. the insulin will drop and the weight loss will follow and glucose will be controlled. as the weight comes off, the control of blood sugar improves on it's own, but the minute the carb intake returns, so will the problems associated with it. a special thanks to dr udoka for curing me from type 1 diabetes,keep saving lives sir just what dr. atkins was saying waaaay back when. hugh protein, low carbs. amazing information !!! so, as far as the three types of foods listed here, where do fruits and vegetables fit into those labels/categories? carbs lol! i remember some years ago when my oldest sister, who has always been thin without dieting, loved to eat at least 3 candy bars with nuts in them every day! she began to feel ill, and mother told her, \"why don't you stop eating all of that candy!\" however, she did go to the dr., was tested and told she had type 2 diabetes! instead of using the insulin he urged her to take, she listened to mother, and cut the candy out completely! her return visit to the dr. showed a very low blood glucose level! he told her, \"so you've been eating right and taking the insulin, haven't you?! that's grrreat!\" she told him, \"no, i just don't eat snicker candy bars anymore, \" lol! this video resonates emotionally and so many levels. i can't believe status quo and money ruined so many people's lives. so disheartening. amazing money, money, money, money, . . . money. big ag (big business) and the farm bill (big government). any questions. kudos to dr. sarah hallberg. a healthy patient is a lost customer! bravo dr. sarah - best no bs tedtalk with actual science and facts; well done. i quit sugar. i was washed up on the couch in constant pain from arthritiic inflammation. after gnarly withdrawals, i started to lose weight. food cravings then drove me mad. finally i feel better and able to move... i can enjoy life again. i give all thanks to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured me from my type 2 diabetes disease with his herbs medication well what about the micronutrients in some carbs? ie tryptophan amino acid which is needed to make enough serotonin aka happy brain chemical. well she says stay away grains what about seeds aka quinoa, amaranth, buckwheat, millet? this is old information and untrue. i give all thanks to dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured me from my type 2 diabetes disease with his herbs medication so is this the paleo diet? nope keto is the key! chaffles will change your life! more, more, more!!!!! thank you diagnosed with type 2 about 1 1/2 years ago. first thing my md wanted to do, was put me on metformin. i exercised my patient rights and politely declined, and then saw this video on a ted talks binge watch. i implemented dr hallbergs' advice, and lost 20 lbs and dropped my a1c from 7.3 down to 6.2 within 6 months, back to prediabetic. it is a struggle to keep carbs low, as my wife is not prediabetic and loves her carb rich foods. i often make my own meals or meals for both of us, reducing her carb load and keeping mine below 50 grams daily.\ni recently had an a1c of 6.5, and the first thing out of my md's mouth, was \"i need to put you on metformin.\" i emphatically declined again, and am working to get the carb load down. i admit that i fell off the wagon, missing my bread and potatoes, and indulging in \"forbidden fruits\".\ni am a retired nurse, and am aware of how broken our health system is, and the role that big pharma plays in keeping people on medication, not treating the problem, just the symptoms. it is all about the benjamins, after all. you just have to make food for yourself. my husband needs to have his carbs. he wants to go out to eat all the time. (he's skinny) he doesn't like anything i make. so, i'm just going to make my own food. just cut the carbs out, get them from leafy greens and end it there. it'll come down pretty quickly. if you can do intermittent fasting or time-restricted eating, do that too. if possible, one meal a day (omad) off and on can help too. no snacks. i eat lunch and then dinner. sometimes i will only do dinner (but some people swear by getting all their food in earlier in the day). age might play a factor in how quickly it happens, but you can speed it up this way. then once it's down, just stick to time-restricted eating and remain carb-free unless it's a special occasion. but i honestly find that i can't tolerate that even because i'm so sensitive to processed food, sugar and oils.\neating items that don't spike glucose or insulin response works, but you need to make sure you are lessening the amount of times you are spiking glucose per day to see a quick result.\ni went from 8.6 to around 5.1 in 4 weeks doing this. i'm trying to get my next a1c to under 5. but i will be okay with 5.1. i will give the carbohydrates a shot, but its not going be easy as my day starts with toasts, or bread, or biscuits, followed by two to three cups of teas, with artificial sweeteners, and at lunch i love having chips, i mean real fried french fries, and i eat plenty of fatty food too like fried eggs, cheese sandwiches, etc etc, it would be hard to give up on this, but i will experiment to see what difference eating bacon, ham, fried eggs, roast chicken, lamb, nuts, fruits, and veg makes. my biggest problem is feeling lethargic, i have had diabetics type 2 for the past 20 years, and my energy levels are very low, i feel very tired most of the times, which i was putting down to my age close to 70 this moron is just killing people. @mental patient research dr. t collin campbell. and the american college of lifestyle medicine. @mental patient do your research, we've been lied to about fats the pharma industry is really worried with this talk . if even part of $250 billion goes away, there go their profits not too worried, because since childhood, many americans consider carbs a treat and sugars in some form are added to soo many foods. it is 05% of the grocery store. they are not worried. most don't have the will to bypass those foods. thank you for this video this is all nothing new. dr atkins was telling us this years ago but there was a huge effort to discredit him. as other commentators have said, i'm astonished youtube haven't banned this for telling the truth. thank you dr hallberg for getting the message out. **\"for god so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.\" - receive and believe jesus christ in your thanks to everyone that recommended dr igudia on youtube, he also make it possible for me eradicating the diabetes disease permanently with his herbs medication coming across dr igudia on his youtube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication to cure my diabetes disease awesome info so this woman was sugesting keto before it was trending, i love her is cbd good for diabetes?? listen to this lady, she's speaking truth. i wish she were my doctor honestly. carbohydrates are poison when you're obese. my lpn i see told me to shoot for 50g or less of carbs/day and work my way down. it's been a challenge considering my lactose intolerance and difficulty digesting meat. i've got gi issues out the rear and nafld that i'm pretty sure progressed very quickly.\ni was a 10th away from that type 2 threshold a month ago. i went strict with little carb intake (eating less than 15g/day), dropped 30lbs. and still losing. i will be honest, most the time it's me just not eating bc carbs was the only thing that didn't make me sick to my stomach.\ni'm trying to get my mom to go low carb as well considering her severe arthritis and inability to exercise resulting in her obesity as well.\nit wasn't easy to be 21 and have your doctor tell you that if you do not change your eating habits, you will die from them.\nmy dad died from congestive heart failure at 50. he was obese as well and did not listen to his doctors. i did not want that for me, and i refuse to lose my mom that way too. no disease that can be treated by diet should be treated with any other means.\n-maimonides dr. berg has extensive videos on keto and intermittent fasting. love her passion, wow. she's my new favortie person. effinga i am free of type 2 diabetes ever since i started doing the intermittent diet and it's working wonderfully for me, in every sense.lots of walking and i only drink water. no sodas.\ni have a very simple breakfast that consists of a bowl of cereal, granola, fresh fruit with lots of berries, natural yogurt and oat milk. i also eat a couple of poached eggs. i stopped drinking coffee. my lunch consists of legumes, salad with lots of greens like kale, arugula, lettuce, etc. and i eat a couple of slices of whole wheat bread. i never eat anything after 4pm, except for a cup of herb tea at around 8pm, and because of this i am sleeping better than ever and wake up full of energy.\ndo yoga and pilates, it will definitely improve your life and spirit. cheers! i and my family members are forever grateful to dr igudia on youtube who cured me from my type 2 diabetes disease with his herbal medication big pharma omg. i have to change my diet. i'm going to play devil's advocate here with a shocker- we need more than 0 carbs daily. vegetables are carbs. fruits are carbs.\nbasically- if you want to have your cake and eat it too, you would need to take insulin for the rest of your life. if you don't want to take insulin anymore, go on a strict diet and say goodbye to simple carbs forever. either choice is difficult but depends on the person. @mental patient you lost me by advocating we don't need fruits and vegetables. you're aware there are people in the world who have survived for thousands of years, that had no access to fuit or veg? @mayaclay i respectfully hear you, but biologically speaking, the body needs fruits and vegetables, which are carbs. carbs are broken down in the citric acid cycle to produce atp (energy) for the body and the brain. carb foods, such as whole wheat and whole grains, have b vitamins and essential minerals. without these important vitamins, which are primarily found in i.e. rice, the body can suffer from i.e. beri beri (this disease emerged when the japanese only ate white rice instead of brown rice during world war ii. brown rice has essential b vitamins the body needs for neurological function). @jennifer wanberg you're right, but i think she meant that we don't need any carbs biologically speaking, in order to survive. it's not considered an essential nutrient. but i think as far as diet goes, her patients just keep carbs low.. @mayaclay i mean to be fair, she said we need zero carbs in the beginning of the video this dr is amazing. yes indeed, great work deserve good recommendations, thanks to dr igudia on youtube for curing my diabetes with his herbal medication. i will forever tell the world about your good work. unbelievably important video: thankyou! \"they\" don't want us well. sounds like the world is being slowly poisoned by foods that will eventually kill them?? i just want to go say a very big thanks to dr igudia on youtube for saving my life from diabetes disease with his herbs medicine. what a great joy in my heart after getting a complete cure from dr igudia on youtube for my type two diabetes with his medication. thank you very much doc!!! i want to say a very big thank you to dr. ediale who has a cure for all kind's of diseases, he used his herbal remedies to cure me from herpes.\ni was almost at the point of giving up when i saw a testimony of another patient he cured from diabetes on youtube, at first i thought it was fake, until i gave him a trial and found out he was a genuine and reliable doctor. dr ediale on youtube channel thank you very much sir. interesting how all her studies only talk about results after six months. what about after ten years? why don't you give a try? is not bad is your life @kelsey dave i will not, you charlatan spammer well is your choice but it can be cured you can give a try @kelsey dave nope diabetes type two isn't curable\nsigh why am i arguing with bots @john comfort no. it didn't work for you. stop lying. i'm gonna use this great opportunity to thank dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication i'm fairly certain this talk has a lot of assumptions. there is no evidence that lowering carbohydrates reverses the issue. it only helps reduce the level of blood in your system but has no proof showing that it actually reverses diabetes. in fact i am fairly certain eating a lot of carbs is not yet proven to be the cause of diabetes either. good luck this changed my life. the first video i watched and i started to take control immediately. went from 9.8% a1c to 5.3% in 6 months. i still tell anyone diagnosed with diabetes to watch this and start taking control. thank you! @juan c avoid wheat products, corn products and rice products. these are often made from pulverized flour and it is absorbed too quickly, spiking blood sugar levels! exactly! it is reversible and you can change your future easily with a little knowledge does that mean your no longer diabetic i recommend only dr igudia on his youtube channel for diabetes disease cure because i have used his herbs products and it cures mine i want to personally take time out to appreciate dr igudia on his youtube channel for the herbs medication i ordered from him in curing my diabetes disease no enough words can explain your kindness dr igudia on youtube who cured my diabetes with his herbs medications may god keep blessing dr igudia on youtube for his herbs medication i used in curing my diabetes disease define, \"low carbs\" in terms of grams/ day. probably less than a 100, depends on the person dr. jason fung is also very interesting. his method involves good nutrition, but also various forms of fasting. simply not eating for 12-14 hours a day can give the body an insulin break helping to stop insulin resistance. blood and brain with all nervous system need sugar! they need glucose, which your body can manufacture, didn't you watch the video? the only diet that works for me is the agoge diet ? all others were difficult to stick with and i felt horrible \"lot of money to be made keeping you sick.\" in 2021, god forbid you don't hand your health over to the government. after all, they know what's best for you; look how their recommendations have worked in the past. i never believe i could get rid of my diabetes disease not until i came across dr igudia youtube channel and after using his herbs medication that was the end of my diabetes disease i just got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. i'm still a teenager. my doctor prescribed medication without having to inject insulin. what do i do??? eat carbohydrates, take meds, eat more to balance the side effects i believe it. because i have an asthma for a long time and the dr said i should have an asthma spray, a steroid one... but it never helped. i stopped using the spray because i noticed my blood sugar doubled suddenly...for the first time...so what i did was just to treat my asthma without medications. in just 3 days, it became better...now i am gonna deal with my high glucose without meds....hopefully it would be better soon... i'd always feel better when the person telling me about a healthy diet has a great physique. ergo.. her first point is proven!! judgement and blame is endemic. how can such a presentation receive so many dislikes? we really do live in a sick world. under the auspice of such bogus entities as the american diabetes association, american heart association and others such associations, their corresponding diseases under their corresponding guidelines have all been skyrocketing over the past few decades. why on earth do we still put any trust whatsoever in any of these terrible entities? they are corrupt. their agenda is not to better society, but to make money and serve as a pseudo-advertising arm for the major corporations that are killing our society.\nwake up everybody! be careful who you trust. if they want your money, think twice. even if they are \"not-for-profit\".\nthe woman in this video receives absolutely no money if you choose to heed what she has to say. there is no conflict of interest therefore, she probably speaks some truth worth listening to! 17:22 period!! carbs should only come from fruits and vegetables or carbs that have a lot of fiber in order to slow the absorption of those sugars thus significantly reducing the \"rollercoaster effect\" on blood sugar. obesity turns into a disease,, due to a lack of discipline, caused by a lack of character. not sure if i missed it, how many carbs a day should i have? atkins says less then 20 grams a day. most keto diets say less then 50 grams. normal people have 150 grams what number should i focus on? i have pre diabetes and changed on this advice..it works!! feeling so much better.. thank you! best ted talk everrrr!!! thank you so much! just eat in a calorie deficit... and excersice. obese people can do it.... i did it. people just like to give excuses when things get too hard my only regret is not trying the agoge diet earlier, very great results. keto really ruined me for a couple of weeks before that. what's the diet you put them on please help keto is the answer. i'm gonna use this great opportunity to thank dr igudia on his youtube channel who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication oxalic acid is the cause of diabetes type 2 fibromyalgia, kidney stones, and gout. vitamin d3 (50ng/ml) + chromium makes an enzyme called oxalic acid reductase that converts oxalic acid to lactic acid. they should try at least 5000 ui vitamin and add chromium. most enzymes and proteins made by vitamin d3 hormone upregulation are at the vitamin d3 blood level @50ng/ml. metformin and citrate chelate oxalates. they should try the vitamin d3 (4,000 ui) and chromium. chromium is expected to be deficient as a porphyria develops in the autistic that have high oxalic acid levels and low vitamin d3 status based on the lack of glutathione which removes heavy metals from the body. they should try chromium 200 mcg along with the d3 to remove oxalic acid by converting it to lactic acid. it would make for a very interesting study is to gauge the porphyria (co-porphrin-1) in type 2 diabetics do you have a diet book or a cook book? @harry blessing thank you harry. will look into him. wish i could find a food program or diet recommended by dr. halberg. well, i have 2 sisters with d. one is type 1 and one type 2... i've been keto for 3 1/2 years and lost 55 lbs over that time. do you think either one would follow my example? sugar and refined carbs are like heroine. some call it a sweet tooth. i very seldom weigh myself. i look at myself in the mirror when getting out of the shower. you are number one's enemy to pharmacy industrie i'm a diabetic and follow what this doctor said, i still have insulin resistance, but my numbers are really low. thanks for sharing your knowledge. yes, i have type 2 diabetes. yes, i try to keep my carbs low. my problem is that i am on warfarin so i have to limit my vitamin k intake. no leafy green vegetables, and no green vegetables. my choices become slim. i have to cook regular meals for my husband (who has a hard time gaining weight) and at times, i slip. i constantly have to me mindful of my food choices. i am taking metformin and empagliflozin. i am not making excuses. i am saying that it is not easy. we do not go out for meals. i eat them at home. i stopped eating meat my problem got better. i eat lots of carbs and im healthy now.i dont have any cancer.i told them im not taking the pills.i cut the meat out.meat will kill you. thank you, thank you, thank you! bla bla bla annoying american accent. no carbs, no sugar, eat fats, eat meat i agree with everything said in this video but where the real problem begins with is the greedy food companies and the 1% the fda winks at them as they are paid off , do not trust them with your health not to mention the big drug companies everyone of us have been duped the government doesn't watch your health you are responsible for what you put in your mouth sugar salt additives is a drug and we've all been hooked, the big greedy companies make you spend your hard-earned money then they don't even want to pay into the healthcare system for when you get sick from all the poisons they been feeding you wake up america wake up we have an obesity crisis in this country due to the greedy and by keeping the american people uneducated about the fact!!!\nbig whistleblower right here! i'm sure all the downvotes are from people in the medical industry who get rich by keeping you sick. if you live in the us as i do and you don't think your own government and institutions are actively trying to kill you and/or keep you sick for profit you live in a fantasy land of rainbows and unicorns. i am doing something sipilar to this and it works. i'm grabbing some bacon sauteed in butter. the best advice for diabetes freedom the blame is the governments fault they take away drugs and alcohol why don't they take these products out of food like sugar and glouces great talk. what about other hormones from thyroid and what are called stress hormones. i found i have insulin resistance 3 months ago, ive been aolso told that i need to gain weight but i haven't really gained any weight since then. i aolso have trouble not knowing what to eat,if anyone could tell what foods are good for insulin resistance. 2021, and right now somewhere in america, a patient is being told by a doctor that t2dm is chronic, progressive, and irreversible, and we can only hope to manage the symptoms. it's appalling. keep fighting this fight until nobody dies of preventable lifestyle disease. it is truly appalling and it makes me see red - if it were not for drs like dr. sarah, dr. ken berry and so many wonderful drs on the internet. dr. sarah will be remembered for her brave pioneering spirit - she told it like it is. and they say eat carbs all day ! exactly! lies well explained!! it's heartening to know that there are honest health providers who risk everything to tell the truth about carbs so we understand. great job! that's a bit of a leap she's making, to assume anyone is trying to keep people sick.\nmaybe, just maybe, this way of eating isn't possible, let alone sustainable, for most people. did you notice she didn't mention any studies saying what percent of people are able to eat this way, and sustain it, and their a1c results for 10 years? coming across dr igudia on his youtube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication to cure my diabetes disease so, no rice. how does a chinese comply with that? wow! awesome and very informative....thank you so much. how do you get a list of foods or menu to eat like this? google it of course one can become insulin resistant by flooding the body with sugar for years. yes, it can occur on it's own... but it can also manifest due to poor diet. i became type 2, stumbling into an er with a 1ac of 12 and near coma. and am now \"cured\" i.e. i need no insulin or metformin. i maintain a 1ac of 5.6 through dietary choices. and i eat like a king. and have dropped 47 pounds as well. commit to your kitchen. know exactly what everything you eat contains. my carbs are certainly reduced, and those i do eat are complex carbs like asparagus, brussel sprouts, and cauliflower. i'm going to give this a try. i will forever thank dr igudia on his youtube who cured me from my type 2 diabetes with his herbs medication hey, i would like to put polish translation to this speech. how can i do it? will work on this. thank you this is the best tedx talk i have ever seen, and i have seen many. yep, my mother had diabetes. listened to everything the doctors told her and she kept getting sicker and put on more medications. she ended up losing eyesight in one eye because of the diabetes. one day she said that this was enough, started working out and cut carbs out of her diet. lost a lot of weight and her diabetes was gone. finding a doctor that actually cares about your health seems to be rare these days. what about the muscle loss ? i don't trust no doctor i tell you to take medication the ultimately harms you vegan non binary types are busily trying to have this talk cancelled and this woman deplatformed. hats off to you lady for calling the american diabetes association. i want to personally take my time out to thank dr igudia who i came across on his youtube channel in curing my diabetes disease with his herbal medicine. hello all...i'm a snacker, potato chips and chocolate is my drug of choice. i would try to eat fruit and vegetables as a healthy snack but would fail, the apples and carrots would sit in the fridge and rot then i would just thrown them out. then i realized that i could use the same method that snack companies used to make there products appealing, packaging and presentation! so instead of throwing a bag of carrots or apples in the fridge and forgeting about them, i clean and cut them up and put them in nice and clear containers i made then look yummy by by putting the colorful fruit and vegetables together to appeal to the eye, i put dips into small single serving containers. anything i can do to make it easy to just grab and go, eggs are cooked and peeled chicken is cooked and diced to add protein to a salad or a wrap sandwiche. the point is to organize your fridge to help manage food just eliminating things from your diet is not enough, make it fun! my fasting blood glucose varies from around 100 to 120, and my pre meal is around 110, 113, etc. i stick with my low carb, and doing this without medication. your discussion here has been very comforting to me because i worry sometimes when my fasting is in the 120 range. i don't know why t2d is treated with insulin, and people are never advised to cut down the carbs. instead, the medical system prep and groom you for a life of eating whatever you want, and taking medication/s. type 2 diabetics will not avoid diabetic complications unless they go low carb. you have to remove the thing that is causing the high blood glucose--carbohydrates i'm type 2 diabetic and i'm skinny and i can't gain weight. so, i can relate to people who are overweight and struggling to lose weight. god has blessed dr igudia on youtube with the gift of curing diabetes disease with his natural supplements and i was lucky enough to get a permanent cure from him. thank you dr igudia on youtube the great traditional healer who cured my diabetes disease with his herbs medication. i'm a type 2 diabetic patient, i was suffering from some serious symptoms, then someone suggested planeta ayurveda, and now my symptoms are none and thanks to the organization and doctors who motivated me throughout the treatment i love this gal,,, wish she was my daughter i will forever thank dr igudia on his youtube who cured me from my type 2 diabetes with his herbs medication what worsens herpes virus is the fact that you don't know if there is a cure yet, i got cured from my herpes after using dr alaho olu on youtube herbal remedy.. love this!!! thank you for sharing! i work with t2d and help them achieve remission. it so possible & wonderful!! i just wanna express my gratitude to dr igudia on youtube for curing my type 2 diabetes with his herbal medication. god will bless you dr igudia dr igudia on youtube has the real natural herbs to cure diabetes disease and i am totally free from diabetes. god bless you dr igudia <3 so wonderful how i was able to beat my diabetes disease with the help of dr igudia on youtube herbal medicine. god will reward you doc! fantastic presentation, clear and easy to follow. thank you dr igudia on youtube medication really works and cure diabetes disease, i'm go grateful to have come across him on youtube in curing my diabetes disease with his herbs medication. you are what you eat! juice your breakfast with high chlorophyll, green leafy vegetables to make 32oz. i save the grinds for the next day in spring water and put it back through. good thing my diet is 100% protein to make sure i dont miss out on any gains love this. 08/28/21 dear dr. sarah hallberg, thank you sooooo much for this informative and educational video to help us to understand and help our bodies by reducing carbs and eating real food. god bless you. also, thank you for making it simple enough so everyone can understand :-) outstanding video that can change and improve peoples lives, so thank you, thank you!!! so wonderful how i was able to beat my diabetes disease with the help of dr igudia on youtube herbal medicine. god will reward you doc! just because you know something doesnt mean you follow it like me. this is nothing new to me. knew this at 8 years old and now almost 50. i love carbs and im still going to eat them. i don't like most protein foods i so much love dr igudia on youtube medication he restored both health and lost glory, am a living testimony. thank you doctor for saving me from my diabetes disease yes indeed, great work deserve good recommendations, thanks to dr igudia on youtube for curing my type 2 diabetes with his herbal medication. i will forever tell the world about your good work. seeing lots of testimonies about this dr igudia on youtube for permanent eradication to diabetes disease not until i had to give it a try and my health was restored back to normal thanks dr igudia i can't stop thanking dr igudia on youtube who cured me and my partner from diabetes with his herbal medicine i have found these natural blood sugar/diabetic support medicine management capsules to be a great help. they really work wonders.\nceracare-health what about type 1 diabetes? i had it since i was 6 years old. soooo how to reversed it? its similar to this video, correct? please dont ignore type 1 diabetes, why so many healthcare only focused on reversing type 2? instead of 1? cmon wow , thanks for this simple message\" no more gps\" after a hospital scare my labs were drawn and had an a1c of 11 and weighed almost 400 pounds. my labs were abnormal and the physicians were discussing increasing my diabetes medications which scared me as i seemed to be in an out of control spiral. i had watched the video months before but did not put much thought into it. after the hospital scare i decided to give this a try. after 8 months i have lost almost 50 pounds and and my a1c went from 11 down to 6. my blood blood work was also normal. my managing physician has recommended discontinuing not only my diabetes medication but my blood pressure medication as well. this would mean the only thing i would take in the morning was a multi vitamin. it worked for me and could not be happier and have a much better outlook on life and diabetes is no longer a medical problem i have to deal with. great job! what was your diet like when you lost 50 pounds and also how is your diet like now? amazing story! proud of you! how does one get to 400 lbs? that's awesome! can't thank you enough dr igudia on youtube after using ur natural herbal remedy i was able to eradicate my diabetes disease completely all this years of research, but yet they never mention the doctor who discover all of this. that's dr. gerson. having pcos i've been insulin resistant all my life.. now type 2 diabetic with hashimoto's.. cascading failure since day one and no doctor who's taken the pcos diagnosis seriously.. being aware of the damage to my body, my heart, kidneys has been maddening.. i followed the food guide pyramid pushed at me, had a heart attack two weeks before my 40th bday.. something is very very wrong with that.. i will forever be grateful to dr igudia on youtube who cured me and my partner from diabetes with his herbal medicine the problem is that this is not treating the condition itself. nothing is reversed. the insulin resistance remains. as soon as you eat carbs again the problem reasserts itself. it's like claiming to have fixed a car by not driving it. we need to remove the resistance to insulin. we need to fix the insulin response and glucose uptake of the cells. thank god for sending dr igudia on youtube to my way for curing my diabetes disease with his herbs medication more allopathic bs....what type 2 people need to do is get chromium and vanadium in them i get the point that all carbs spike insulin. but what about small quantities of whole grains, such as wholemeal bread. surely the fibre content will moderate the insulin spike? low gi and low gl. dr. sarah hallberg is very wise. love the content. i only trust and recommend dr igudia on youtube for diabetes disease cure because i have used his herbs medication and it works. dr igudia on youtube medication really works and cure diabetes disease, i'm go grateful to have come across him on youtube in curing my diabetes disease with his herbs medication the abundant insect rhetorically obtain because weapon perinatally sneeze following a lonely penalty. mean, envious brandy because you need carbs ... duh god bless dr igudia at youtube for getting the cure to diabetes disease which cured me from my type 2 diabetes disease fake thanks to dr igudia on youtube who cured me from my diabetes with his herbal medications. stopped my drs steroid inflammatory scripts and healed my gut & lost weight in other words we are selling you medicine. 17:10 \"it was essentially a huge experiment on millions of people... and it failed miserably\"\nwe could say the same about many other things going around nowadays... at this point i'm still very much in shocked with the negative result i got after suffering from type 2 diabetes for so long. thanks once again dr. igudia on youtube for your herbal medication it's was indeed helpful yes! thank you dr hallberg. i proved this more than five years ago. i wasn't on insulin fortunately, but my blood glucose has dropped to normal levels and i have lost about 26lbs. my blood pressure is usually normal, with occasional spikes in the systolic, and my pulse rate at rest is in the high 50s to mid 60s without significant exercise beyond housework and errand walking. i continue to eat low-carb because i like it and it seems to have additional health benefits for me.\nyou're likely to get into trouble with this good advice! i can't help wondering how long you tube will allow this type of video. essentially : there's a problem - there is profit. guidelines are there to maintain health problems, hence profit. @elizabeth i need to tell my daughter about that. she has herpes and i know it causes her grief. how do i locate dr. ado? i have suspected that doctors who have a need to meet their requirements for ce credit requirements are offered courses from drug companies that have a cash incentive to offer physician training and teach dietary standards that feed the financial need of their business. my partner and i suffered from diabetes disease for many years before we finally came across a post of how dr igudia on youtube has cure so many people so we decided to contact him and he actually cured us with his natural supplements. watch\nthe bittersweet truth\non you tube for a more up to date version of this info this video was spot on six years ago be very careful with this diet. i read about this 15years ago and started. yes i lost the weight and glucose level went down for a couple years. but then i started to crave carbs. yes it is real. then after a few more years even eating this way my glucose level started to increase. fast forward 15years later. i had a heart attack and must control my glucose with meds.... i'm getting therediagnosed in april 2021 after heart attackknew nothing about the disease, and got little help, except a load of drugs to swallow have done research and now on a good low carb diet, exercising and losing weightover a stone so farand hoping to get off the metformin within the next 6 to 12 months thank you, sarah thanks a lot for such a lovely logical talk for insulin resistance , very useful,\npeace and blessings thank god i came across dr igudia on youtube at the right time and i saw a lot of testimonies and how he has cured a lot of people from diabetes disease so then i contacted him for help and he actually cured me, he also has a cure for other form of sti do you people still believe there's no cure for diabetes disease? contact dr igudia on youtube and thank me later.\nhe cured my diabetes disease with his herbal medicine. i recommend dr igudia on youtube for diabetes cure because i have used his herbs medication and i'm completely cured of this deadly disease i am forever grateful to dr igudia on youtube who cured me from diabetes disease with his herbal medication, you are so real and trusted. i'm thankful to dr igudia on youtube for using his herbal medication to cure me and my partner from diabetes disease, now we both test negative from diabetes. you all can also contact him on his youtube channel for help on any kind of disease brilliant talk, thank you so much dr. hallberg, i am learning this from many doctors. the drug companies are not going to like this valuable information. i warned dr eric berg. told him to watch his back, he was costing the pharmaceutical companies money. warned dr ekberg too. wow. what is the low carb range????? @nate balls thank you!!!! 0-50, 100 max per day (in my option) best thing is just to eat meat and veg i had never in my life believe on herbal medications but all that change after using the herbal medication i got from dr igudia who i came across on youtube to cure my herpes disease, his medication are truly very effective and it works like magic. for any kind of disease you can contact him on his youtube channel for help. thank you . . . sarah. you are saving people's lives and helping families. please live thoughtful by making an effort cooking your foods more than you are spending money eating from restaurants and packaged food anything cooked it's much better than something that came in the package. this country is just crazy when one observes the number of people living on prescription drugs. forget about adults. even young people prescribe prescription drugs from disease or obesity. that's not normal. i saw the commercial solicitation of prescription drugs on tv. it's just too much trying to sell you everything that you necessarily do not want!! i really appreciate dr igudia on youtube who cured me from my diabetes disease with his herbs medication douedendal muscuval resurfacing.. our problem with type 2 deliabetes lies in our duodenal that's why people gets healed or much better with a gastric bypass i never believed in diabetes disease cure until i used dr. igudia herbal medications on youtube and now i no longer suffer from diabetes. god bless you and give you more wisdom to heal the sick blood sugar went to 32 with insulin. near coma stage. threw the stuff out. tossed metformin. added alpha lipolic acid and berberine. fasting blood sugar now in normal range. very restricted carbs. added fats. tossed all seed oils. they are inflammatory. use ghee, olive oil, avacado oil and mostly coconut oil. and doctors tell you you'll die from not eating carbs from dka so if high carbs cause crashes, why do i get these low blood sugar crashes at 2 am after 3 months of keto i dealt with this issue in 2012, being prescribed medication to control my blood sugar. i put myself on a strict no carb diet and was able to come off the medications. i lost 50 lbs and even got rid of omeprozale for my reflux.\nfast forward to today after yes eating carbs like i was a teenager and now i'm having blood sugar issues, gained back about 30 lbs. i am currently tackling this again, it is not easy but you will get use to it and the benefits are great. do not let your doctor pump you full of medication you can do this on your own, good luck to all of you. big pharma is pissed! please help this video go mega viral. madam you are brilliant and gutsy to take on drug mafia.hats of to you long after she's gone this video will continue to save life's. over 60 years ago,my grandparents were all over me- \" you are eating way too much , bread, potatoes and sugar!cut it out!\"!!!! who knew? yeah one needs to go back to natural organic living. this doc will save lives for sure! she truly is one in a million! that's very good information thank you for having her on my question is: how does someone become insulin resistant in the first place? with all due respect doctor being ginger is still an allowed prejudice. fair enough though. hello everyone, am very happy to write this testimony to the whole world to see the great work of the great man named dr. igudia on youtube, who cured me of diabetes disease with his herbs medication contact dr. igudia on youtube for diabetes disease cure and any other diseases. he cured my diabetes disease with his herbal medication and i'm so grateful seems everyone, alongwith the speaker, has forgotten about a thing called 'balanced diet'. moderation of food intake with balanced diet is the key for a successful diabetic treatment; though it may vary from person to person because of genetic, medication is still the key to control blood sugar. @george nathan , the type and dose of the medication depends on how the patient controls his diet. not every patient can control their diet or say carbs, so what do we do in that case? do we simply deny them their insulin or their ohd? no, we have to give the medication so that he does not land up in complications soon.\nnote- i also do support less or no carbs with intermittent fasting. he is wrong, still beleives in medication. my mom says she needs sugar to stay within normal blood sugar range. if her sugar drops to much, she could go into shock. any ideas how to still cut carbs? @7:47 key info. carbs are not essential. also: @9:20 why isnt dr. in the title? she's a dr.! this was one of the best and most informative talks on diabetes. i am a pre - diabetic and i am changing my diet in significant way due to this ted talk. thank you sarah hallberg!!! @shylaja adimoolam ?? @glorycarrier22 aa @a. linn just keep walking around with a blind fold on with your fingers in your ears. @a. linn baby you are grasping at straws! to know a sick patient makes more money than a healthy one is common sense. @glorycarrier22 thank you for sharing your story. i am glad you are doing so well. it's an amazing story. you are the first person on here (i read dozens of the comments) who has said he has lasted 5 years on this. that's great - for you. but there's a big difference between recommending or adopting something because of one person's anecdotal evidence, versus studies showing what percent of people put on this diet maintain their behaviors and results, and, what diet doctors never tell us, what the harmful short- and long-term effects of the diet attempt of those who cannot maintain those behaviors. plus, as someone with an eating disorder, i know for me personally, this is the most contra-indicated, harmful thing i could do, due to the ed. it is the exact opposite of ed treatment. restrictive eating is the most frequent common denominator among those who develop eds, which are serious, potentially fatal conditions. ~35,000 people die annually from eds in the u.s. many struggle our entire lives. low-carb dieting, in its various forms, is the most common form of dieting that people struggle to recover from in ed treatment. i am quite familiar with there being those in the medical field who have no concern for making people sick, and who simply profit off of it. one of those groups would be diet doctors. dieting is now a $70 billion/year industry in the u.s., and causes all kinds of illnesses, including diabetes and cariov. diseases. note that in diet books and commercials, they cite lots of anecdotal personal testimonials, but don't tell us what percent of people in controlled studies lost weight (or obtained health benefits) from a particular regimen, and what harmful effects did they, or the others experience over time as a direct result of that dietary approach? in ed treatment, the approach includes eating frequently (every 3 hours) to become more aware of hunger cues, no restricting of any foods, and indeed learning to expand and include all foods and to educate about the harm of demonizing any type of food or nutrient, and the harm of food fears. we learn an \"add in, rather than take away\" approach. i avoid restrictive eating approaches and restrictive eaters like the plague, and don't discuss restrictive eating with anyone, ever, because they immediately make matters worse. i'm glad you have found something that is helpful to you and wish you well. i choose to avoid it, because it's quite harmful to me and what i'm improving from by getting away from it. vive la difference! how can i gain weight safely and effectively? about to try dr. fung's diet after reading his book. (he menations dr. hallberg's ted talk which brought me here!)\ni recall my first meeting with a dietician after being diagnosed. they recommended 3-5 carbs per meal. one carb is a half a bananas, small bowl of fruit, or a slice of whole grain bread. so that would be 9 to 15 slices of bread a day i could eat? it just didn't make sense. and i would be increasing my carb intake as i didn't currently eat that much bread. awesome. i accidentally learned the same thing on my own. now my a1c is going down with less metformin!! my goal is no meds by the end of 2021!! add to this great information one element - intermittent fasting combined with the occasional 3 - 7 days fast - to enable autophagy and growth hormone production as well as stem cells - this has saved my life - period!!! my doctors are very good in writing prescriptions they have no clue about nutrition to fix the root cause wow! i'm so please that i tuned into this video. thank-you very much. \"there's a lot of money to be made keeping you sick\". that's the key point right there. big pharma wants you to be sick. that's how they make trillions of $. but the biggest crime is that mainstream doctors and the mainstream media won't tell you about the dangers of a high carbohydrate diet. they're just going along with status quo, which is fueling the obesity epidemic. can you eat strawberries and blueberries or do they qualify as carbohydrates? @katlen nat bummer. i just completed 6 months of chemo for cancer and was excited that i could eat blueberries and strawberries. not sure what to eat now. are there any fruits that don't have carbs? this sucks. yes, all the hidden sugars she deserves a standing ovation. that was really a great talk. @chris caldwell voiceovers wow!!! that's awesome! i'm gonna give a basic low carb diet a try my experience: i followed her rules after going through chemo for cancer and then being diagnosed with diabetes type 2 (apparently prednisone contributed to that). it's now 6 months later and i am no longer diabetic, not even pre-diabetic. agreed i'm unsure about the no carb thing? how am i just finding this video? my whole family has type 2 diabetes. i was right there with them until i decided to break the cycle and go keto. thank you for spreading the word! it is my mission to help those better understand that they do not have to live with this sickness! it is fantastic. i have reversed my pre diabetes and have seen many success stories of people doing the same with diabetes! definitley talk to a doctor good luck! hi how is keto for you now? i am going to do it but some people say meat gives you diabetes thanks sara. gotta be the clearest explanation on the subject i've heard. good information.thanks you saved my life.padma damn!! no wonder i'm struggling with dieting and my type 2 diabetes. \"nowhere in the ada guidelines is the goal of reversing type 2 diabetes...\" it's a \"sick care system\" not a \"health care system\". let that sink in. all they do is to treat symptoms, not trying to fix the underlying problem. it's really crazy. @kortokthestrong sad but true cheryl they get into grocery carts somehow, by choice. to be fair, many people i know have not shown an interest in eating \"healthy \" food. i hear what they say and \"want\", but then i watch them eat. they brainwash themselves into believing it is too hard or expensive to change. many people i observe are also slaves to their taste buds. the bakery section at our local store is stacked with boxes 5-10 high with pretty, decorated cookies every morning of the week. they get sold. you don't make profits curing people. pharmaceutical companies makes huge profits by treating symptoms. cancer, diabetes, etc. dr is so sweet the health insurance wants to keep you hooked to the insulin and the pills or they would loose billions and that's the truth. keto is the way to go yall! please explain to me why the populations of china and india, where rice is the main portion of their diet is not riddled with diabetes. same of the indigenous population of the andes, where their diet is largely potato and quinoa; central america where it is corn and tortillas; sub-saharan africa where it is starchy root vegetables. @d no. you wrong. these countries have the highest diabetes rates:\ni suspect you were looking further down on the world population review website where it lists the countries of the world in order of their total population. that chart does not give diabetes rates. pay attention to what you are looking at! not carbs. a specific type of carbs - sugar and fructose. i don't even understand what are the news ( miracle?) . do the americans not know that diabetes is provoked by high levels of carbs and especially sugars????? everybody knows this in europe i have cut my blood sugar by 75 percent. in december while in hospital for a heart attack it was 21, now it is 5.3 i stopped eating bread pasta pizza roti and i have not eaten 1 drop of vegetable oil in 6 months. i do eat a half a 5mg glyburide pill every day. real results 1 = 1. if you aren't taking in carbs, you can't have high glucose. but by these standards okinawans, where 85% of their diet is from carbs, would have high diabetes rates, yet they have low diabetes rates. but they don't eat sugar, refined carbs or added much added oils. sugar, refined carbs and added oils have created our issue around obesity and insulin resistance. hello but how did montel williams beat ''m.s. \"\" i like to check how the \"low carb\" foods affect my blood sugar with my dario glucose meter, just to double check. i have a log on my phone of foods vs. glucose levels and my notes too. most people don't know they need herbal medicine to cure there problems. i have been a patient of diabetes for 13 years now all the time of this problem i have been living with drugs, until l met a post how doctor oje cure people with his herbal medicine, i gave it a try bet now i went to appreciate this good doctor for his good work. contact him now on doctor oje on youtube channel and get the permanent cured thanks.. i never get tired of listening to dr. sarah hallburg!!! what a blessing god is so good. thank you for this doctor!!! thank you father god jehovah in jesus mighty name amen amen amen!!! love the truth. i have not listened to this yet. i was diagnosed pre-diabetic. diabetes runs heavily in my family. i immediately cut out all sugar and anything related to sugar. i exercised like a maniac. 30 days later i returned to the doctor and my sugar was almost perfect. i lost 15 lbs in 30 days by eating meat, chicken, fish, and vegetables. i drank water and green tea. i ran 3-5 miles per day (am) and lifted weights (pm). i am now a 62 yr old stud! very good animated lecture i watched this video after i asked my personal physician (my old endocrinologist was a big-pharma pro old school guy, so i dumped him, and then went to a new gp as mine had returned) to help me reduce my a1c, get me off meds, and save my life i think, quite frankly. the new doc was skeptical, but willing to try to help me. i asked him to prescribe the freestyle system for me, so that i could better track what food was doing to me. another idiotic thing, if you are not on insulin,insurance will not help to pay for freestyle or any other gms. tell me that doesn't smack of a system that wants you to stay ill. anyway, i began using freestyle in 2019 with an a1c of over 9. with my kind doctors help, changing my diet on my own because i was able to track what specific foods did to me using the gms, and no meds, my a1c is now 6.3. food is a drug, and it shouldn't be treated with another drug. reducing carbs is everything to a type 2 diabetic. thank you for what you do dr. hallberg, i'm sure your patients are grateful for their improved lives! i cut carbs and sugar, lowered my a1c from 7.7 to 5.9 and lost 25lbs. thank you did she say it's effective and inexpensive? banned!!! can a person just eat pepperoni sticks to drop your numbers? i'm supposed to go see doc/blood test and if i'm high she's going to add more meds to my metformin. cant stand teh whole thing. dr doesn't mention diet or exercise or stress or anything..just meds. it sounds like you are trying to circumvent doing what's supposed to be the right thing. my grandmother has recently started a low carb diet (she's attending a diabetes reversal program) and she used to inject 25 to 30 units of insulin and her blood sugar still wasn't under control till she started this diet, its basically what you said, low carb, not necessarily high protein and oh my god it has helped her tremendously its not even 2 weeks yet and she's now only injecting 4 units and still her blood sugar goes low sometimes and also she's lost a good 6 pounds since. no, obesity is not a hormonal disease. dangerous nonsense. i stopped watching at that point. as i started following diet and training plan from agoge diet, i took my confidence to the next level. girls finally started noticing me. a trip to a doctor nowadays feels like a hustle. when they find out you have full medical insurance their heads explode. \"why welcome sir, come right in!\" @paul l. well remember, the video above was made by a ... doctor. many if not most still have the best interest of the patient at heart. @j roger medicine in canada is having trouble. i recently saw that the average wait for a basic day surgery is 22.5 weeks now. my doctor is always pushing meds onto me. seems like medical tyranny. can i refuse her? can i go to alt medicine dr? not sure if can get lab work without a regular doc in canada. when it comes to natural medicine there is one name that has all the solution to any human illness just search dr. onyeneke on youtube his herbal medicine is the best he just cured my thyroid problem thank you dr. hallberg, i learned a lot! a few years ago i was prediabetic. fbs was 101. i don't know what my a1c was at the time, but just recently it's down from whatever it was to 5.4 thanks to low carb. my weight is also down, thank god. side note: 8k thumbs down? must be the work of the carb corporations. when jesus said to one sick man \"do you want to be well?\" he was asking a very important question. many people do not want to be well if it means they have to give up their favorite foods. i got diabetes type 2 using prescription meds which i am not allowed to mention of fear of legal repercussion i am not obese have never been. i am 5ft and weigh 40kgs. eat a healthy diet\nso how do i reverse my diabetes type 2. french and italian most diabetic people in the world and why that germany and northern european like norway and finland sweden is so healthy... i think it's about carnivores and essential amino acids hemp seeds just victoria queen gb style hahaha and that beets ... just eat some korea bbq and sushi with italian garlic or korean garlic\nall that carbohydrates is poison ..... korean and japanese biomedical and scientist think that way some of us are addicted to carbs (what seems to be healtiher carbs) but how does one get over the addiction. it's like withdrawals without carbs. does low sugar mean... no added sugar? is fruit ok? omg i went through my cabinet i have everything as a carb macaroni, couscous sweetened yogurt no wonder my blood sugar is out of control i'm new to this today and i need someone to help me .. charles,look up professor roy taylor on audible. listen to the book and follow the steps. it will be hard but cut out carbs. less than 50 grams per day. what's everyone's take on artificial sweeteners? i drink those flavored waters from walmart. i switched to them when i was trying to get off sugar but i think they make me feel ickier dr omar meds on youtube got you covered and can be off great help to you all epileptic patient reading this. his herbal meds is quite good, powerful, safe and it works perfectly.\ndr omar also got cure/meds to other diseases like autism, cancer, diabetes, hpv, hepatitis b, hepatitis c, dementia, infantile spasms, alzheimer, lupus hiv, etc. informative video, tfs! blessings!\njesus christ saves 1st corinthians ch15 verses1-4 kjv umi believe this information is wrong. diabetes is a nutritional deficiency that yes can be reversed. there are doctors who have assisted their patients type 2 diabetes with whole food plant based diet. this information is not providing all the truth and reinforcing a serious problem of carbohydrate restriction. the brain and body is fueled by carbohydrates and insulin resistance is a problem of nutritional imbalance. i'm 17 years old diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. i was 319 pounds when i was hospitalized and i now weigh 227, that's a total of 92 pounds lost, sorry to say but i'm not cutting out carbs and sugar completely as that just seems like torture, i'll stay on a low carb and low sugar diet though. us medical system is a for-profit corporate system run by mbas. by actually curing that young gals problem, now they couldn't sell her massive amounts of insulin (at a ridiculous price), loss of revenue with equipment, multiple medications etc. remember that incentive in the us medical system isn't actual patient care, but profits for insurance companies and executives at the corporations running the hospital. great video! look up snake diet too! how can indian diet be zero or very low carb? do you do videodoctor appointments? carbohydrates should be your body's main source of energy in a healthy, balanced diet. they're broken down into glucose (sugar) before being absorbed into your blood. the glucose then enters your body's cells with the help of insulin. i'm suffering with side effects of t2d pretty bad! i'm so excited to have found this vid- i've watched 3 times! my hardest part will be cutting out fruit!! watch sten ekberg's videos too. he gives practical advice. he explains the concepts clearly. i built my own personal nutrition plan (low carb/keto-if) from his ideas. i can tweak it anytime to make it better. you can create your own taking into account your resources, lifestyle, preferences and environment. that makes it easier to follow, long-term. @michele marie check dr. berg videos ! this is my life story, obesity + laziness + always hungry. i am pre diabetes only 26 years old hi sarah, i came across your videos after i was diagnosed with type diabetes a couple of years ago. thank you so much for your videos, you explain so well and i took your advice and i and my doctor are so happy! i recently added 100mg invokana daily to my life and have found that i can relax a bit with the diet, my blood sugar is very well controlled even though i now eat more fruit than i was previously (and occasionally some store bought ice cream!)\nkeep up the great work, whenever i hear someone mentioning diabetes i suggest they watch your videos and i've seen great results in people i know. thank you for everything you do!\nroger i hope someone reads this message. please! i beg of you, do not take what this person has said as fact. carbohydrates are essential, they are the bodies main source of energy for a reason. yes, there are studies that show a low carb diet of less than 20g of carbs a day can have short term benefits for t2d, but long term effects from increased intake of fats and protein (particularly red meats) heighten the likelihood of other complications such as cardiovascular diseases, kidney disease and as always cancer. please consult a licensed dietitian or an accredited nutritionist, who can work with you to develop a dietary plan to achieve your desired goals in a healthy and safe way specific for you. if you think i am wrong, because it worked for you. that's great, but it's very likely going to put others at risk. as a t1d, i understand the hardship. as a nutritionist set to become a dietician, i also understand how dangerous what this lady is saying is. wow! mind blowing! am glad i came accross dr erayo herbal medicine on youtube who has natural herbal supplements to reverse diabetes. my mom got satisfying results after using it. i am md active and do not understand to keep our digestive system healthy and to provide for a healthy gut microbiome, we need to get a sufficient amount of fiber. most fibrous, non-starchy vegetables and seeds, and nuts, etc., are high in fiber but also have carbs.\nso this proves that there are essential carbs! correct me please if i'm wrong because i'm notta very smart man. but choosing to eat something that's bad for you because it also has something thats good for you too. that doesn't make the bad part necessary does it??? natural medicine have created greater contentment in my life all thanks to dr onyeneke on youtube who cured me from herpes and hiv okay 4 okay finally, am able to reverse my type 2 diabetes with the natural herbal supplements i ordered from dr erayo herbal medicine on youtube. if anything was lacking in this ted talk to me was the clarification on whether all carbohydrates are bad or just processed carbs like pasta, bread, and sugar? dr. mcdougall swears by the half and half method by eating a high natural carbohydrate diet but combining it with leafy greens and other low-carb vegetables. so half the plate is either a sweet potato, potato, or legume, and the other half spinach, broccoli, salad or green beans, etc... no processed foods. hi maude. i've experienced this recently. quick background, last november i was diagnosed with type 2. this april i was given the all clear. i cut out all carbs except for up to 50 grams per day. i ate roughly 800 to 1100 calories per day. i am 6 foot 2 and weighed 126 kgs. i lost in 3/4 months 26 kgs and maintained that weight since then. blood test in april 2021 confidential i was not even in pre diabetic range any more. the best thing i had for guidance was professor roy taylor and his book on type 2. he simply states sugar is sugar so no fruit and extra low carbs as cqrbs/sugar are essentially the same thing once digested they turn to glucose. it was hard but after a few weeks it was normal! please try it if you suffer from type 2 if you don't eat carb, why you still have glucose in your blood? also just about anything you eat like fruits and veggies will have sugar no matter how small which also contributes to there being glucose in your blood. the problem isn't that there is glucose in your blood. there is only a problem when there is too much. you still have glucose in your blood because your body produces it. the excess sugar broken down from the carbs is what is responsible for the spike in glucose levels. cac diabo care tablet- these tablets are pure ayurvedic formulation. it contains herbal ingredients such as karela, jamun, ashwagandgha, gurmur, shuddha shilajeet, neem, dalchini. it maintains overall health and wellbeing, best for the liver detoxification and controls high blood pressure. it maintains the blood sugar level. jamun is well known to be effective in the treatment of diabetes, thus it reduces the level of glycosuria. it contains polypeptide-p which has shown to control diabetes naturally. you are making excuses for people to go out and eat themselves to death.\nyes, it's difficult to control yourself but don't take all responsibility away.\ni know you can't help eating that whole cake, it's not your fault?\nthat's just foolish! you should never stop trying to help yourself and you have to take some responsibility for your actions.\ni do not mean to say everything this lady says is wrong, she is a doctor but just knowing myself and how i eat, it's bad advice.\ni can control my eating habits, i just fall off the wagon sometimes. if you tell me it's not my fault i'm gonna eat like it's not my fault. today is7-18-2021 i will try this my sugar levels are at 250-290 everyday and cant seem to bring them down !! carbs will be cut out up date on 7-25-2021 cut all the carbs out, no rice no bread no pasta, no sugar, don't eat out prepare your meals at home and search for green juice, good luck if diabetes can be reverse thru proper guidelines of our diet , then lots of money will be lost. dm 2 = basically ur addicted to insulin\ni currently helping my mom to solve her diabetes issue... by fasting and lchf diet she said it.... *they make money, keeping you sick!* good talk, well spoken and clear advise. thankyou dr, is there any way we can reverse our conditions reach at a point where your heart , brain and legs are affected ,and yours have maintained your sugar levels at 3.5 to 4.5? eat a keto diet and exercise that's true, but we don't want our patients to leave their medications without controlling their diet in case you didn't know this the medication do not help at all, yes the remove the sugar from the blood but send it somewhere else, like your other organs including your eyes. sounds a lot like the diet a heart doctor was recommending back in the 1960s. he found his patients also lost weight and it became a weight-loss sensation. @shayan i remember this. he was walking on a sidewalk, slipped on the ice and hit his head. he ended up dying from the head injury. the \"accepted\" medical establishment word was he died from his diet. just some bad press around his death made it taboo and now it's been rehashed as keto if you want to help yourself, just google weedborn. i know you will find good solutions for all your ailments there. she is brilliant. i was diagnosed with type 2 last year. i've been intermittent fasting and have cut carbs almost to nothing, and i juice celery everyday, and apple cider vinegar. i've lost 30 lbs and am no longer insulin resistant. thank you being recommended to dr ebhariagbe was a blessing after years of suffering i have finally been cured from diabetes thanks doc you are indeed a blessing to this generation. @stassie levyn thank to dr ogoco herbs don't miss this on youtube for curing me permanently . people are just cruel. i know that i caused some of my weight problems. but it's hard to exercise run jump whatever when you have herniated discs. i have had complete strangers tell me i need to get in shape. my response is round is a shape. i have the body of a god. well if buddha was a god i have pretty restricted activity as well. i've been doing keto (low carb) and intermittent fasting (16/8 eating window) and it has made a huge difference in weight and ac1. it is really easy once you detox from carbs (i loved rice pasta bread potatoes etc), and the fasting can be all ranges (you could just start with 12/12). for me i start eating at 10:30am (i'm not interested in food that early anywayjust give me coffee) and i don't eat after 6:30 pm (that late snacking is my downfall. give it a try. good luck my goodness! diabetic since 2005 . mother nature brought me here . no more carbs. thanks @jo millan yes i know but in minimal quantity.thanks day 1 is awesome. veg with little beans for breakfast, cucumber and okra lunch , dinner veg / cumber okra! no hunger pangs. stable blood sugar range please be careful, you need carbs to live growing up we were told it was called sugar diabetes. the sugar industry, big pharma and money hungry doctors removed the \"sugar\" from the name. she is spot on! carbohydrates include not only sugar, but bread, rice, pasta, potatoes and corn, as well as alcohol and the sugars from fruits, and especially fruit juices. i've cut carbs - not easy when you have relatives who bake bread, love rice and consider pasta an essential daily nutrient - pushed my blood sugar average down to nearly \"normal\" hopefully i'll be there within another few months. we were not evolved to eat carbohydrates as a principle food. @seiche invergo crony is the default state for capitalism unless there is an outside force preventing it. @bob singh too many pickup trucks @a. linn\ninteresting. explain that great advice! is sweet potatoes a no no? additionally, this is geared towards type two diabetics. type one diabetics do not make insulin - at all. as a diabetic from a family of them and now my kids are insulin resistant and pre diabetic i really needed this. i am scared to change but encouraged. thank you i will be reading and learning more and sharing in my diabetic groups hope you have get better @a. linn there are studies and she hosted a information education session at the cleveland clinic and it's online where you will see the talk she shares with professionals which has sited studies also low carb was how the medical field treated diabetes until insulin came along and then they stopped teaching it and began saying 45 carbs a meal this is why many in the field believe the unhealthy teachings are to keep diabetics dependent on insulin instead of correcting it with food. there's no money in a well person but 20+ years of medical treatment with insulin in a sick one. @a. linn i also noticed that u are copying and no pasting that nonsense comment everywhere. are you bored? just go away being scared to change is not sensible. make changes slowly but steadily. good luck 4 good health. that's a bit of a leap she's making, to assume anyone is trying to keep people sick.\nmaybe, just maybe, this way of eating isn't possible, let alone sustainable, for most people. did you notice she didn't mention any studies saying what percent of people are able to eat this way, and sustain it, and their a1c results for 10 years? the malicious bamboo similarly scatter because sampan respectively save of a threatening stool. hapless, yellow grandmother low carb, low meat, low dairy and you will be healthy. lol lol lol btw, i am only 4 pounds healthier than what i was when i was at the age of 20. this doctor is obese! low carb is not enough. cut your meat and your dairy. eat more vegetables and fruits and your appetite will be smaller. you end up eating less automatically. in no grains category- would oats fall in this and should it be avoided? yup. oats are incredibly high in carbs. thank you so much for the information! great information fascinated a very informative presentation! thanks for your effort\nto educate average people who otherwise may not hear this kind of helpful ways to reduce meds & continue to stay away from them! the wise drawbridge intriguinly pedal because craftsman presently explain underneath a obsolete pound. oafish, guttural h habitual tent dehydration, menopause hormones, caffeine consumption, stress are important factors as well. she is a real doctor. great woman. respect agreed with you. hope many others will listen to her advice sooner. this is great i'm 55 and have out of control type 2 diabetes all the doctors i've seen just follow the book and prescribe medication which i hate. where do i begin? who do i see? i like counseling and accountability other than \"have you been testing yourself and taking your medication\". i'm type 2 a1c 7.5 pre-diabetic. i will try this and stay away from meds. thank you for this very important information. tired of living with herpes virus? worry no more! just contact dr.kwaloe on youtube he also helped me got rid of the virus after using his medication for 3 weeks thank you so much! fda, dhhs, big pharma... profit over people. does glucofort work as advertised? three things, i wonder:\n1) god said genesis in 1:29:\nand god said, behold, i have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.\nand in genesis 2:16 \"and the lord god commanded the man, saying, of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat: (except the one deadly tree).\"\nherb bearing seed. does this include grass (grains)?? it sounds like it.\n2) if it does, then why are grass seeds now bad? wheat, rice, etc..?\nis it the cross breeding (very strong evidence this is now true, see \"wheat belly\", written by a cardiologis.\n3) how much do pesticide residues factor into this, or even nuclear fallout?\ncertain fallout can do specific things. yttrium-90 was said to accumulate in the pancreas by one site after fukushima. other isotopes can damage blood vessels, etc.. i am do happy i stopped to listen. this my change my life forever\nthank you. it's big business to keep people on medication, great info. ted strikes again. this doctor says obese people are subject to \"the last widely accepted prejudice\". e.g., \"if they could just control themselves they wouldn't be overweight\". yet obese people can legally get jobs, can legally file tax returns (and get stimulus checks), get elected to public office, run multinational companies, and they have legal rights, among other things. she gets 7 million views. my homeless consultant channel demonstrates that the \"last widely accepted prejudice\" is astateophobia - visceral, bile-spitting fear and hatred of the homeless, while government, social services and the media merely exploit the homeless for their own personal benefit, off camera. we can't legally get jobs (no address for tax forms, etc). we can't legally file tax returns (no resident address, and a resident address is required to get a po box). we don't get stimulus checks (they are based on tax filings). we don't have legal standing or enforceable constitutional rights. but this woman is a doctor, so she gets 7 millions views. my channel gets perhaps 10-50 views per view because i am shadow banned by youtube for telling the truth about the last widely accepted prejudice. that is how widely accepted hatred of the homeless really is. maybe ted talks will get one of those social service \"experts\" to tell you all about it, because nobody will let the homeless themselves tell you the truth. thanks for sharing bravo! great presentation! the pharmaceutical reps must hate her. most docs rely on the pharmaceutical industry to treat patients, which almost never cures patients. healthy patients don't feed big pharma's revenue stream. i applaud dr. hallberg. and at 15:28 que the assassin paid for by the pharmaceutical corporations. the american diabetes association is an unreliable organization with money ties to food companies like cadbury-scweppes and telemarketing company infocision. it has 20,000 members, some of whom are probably shareholders for big pharmaceutical corporations. last thing they want is for insulin sales to go down and they honestly don't care about your health. all your energy comes from carbohydrates. yes people eat way too much of them, but i wouldn't cut them out completely not true. energy comes from all the food that you eat eat all the good beautiful organic food that you can get into your body and make it a huge variety + stay away from sugar stay away from wheat, and dairy is not doing you any favors.. ( especially if you have hormone issues ) what about when you are insuline resistant and thin? 2:25 \"and if you're sitting there thinking 'that's not me'...you might want to think again.\" 2:46 \"b/c as i was saying, people have elevated insulin levels (due to insulin resistance) for years, even decades before the diagnosis of even pre-diabetes is made.\" 2:57 \"plus it's been shown that 16-25% of normal weight adults are also insulin resistant.\" it me! may god almighty shower his blessings upon you and your family. apparently, 8,000 pharmaceutical representatives and executives watched this video... lol, so massive changes in obesity is just insulin? millions of years of evolution and just now this happens? nope sorry, try again. with the natural herbs supplement i ordered from dr.ademise i was able to get rid of herpes, he really good at it her method does not work. it can only reduce its deterioration. to cure it, look up dr. fung on youtube. not a word about fructose ... i developed t2d by eating 2 apples and 2 oranges most days... my god. thank you this kind of eating life style help me lose over 100 pounds does anyone have a link to her diet plan or a book perhaps? i wrote down what she listed but a book would really help pretty please :). recently got diagnosed with t2d and struggling with what is okay and not. i wonder if big pharma got her fired? she is going against the industry.... brave woman telling the science based truth about pharmaceutical companies financial interests. thank you she needs to tame her physical gestures what planet is she from? she gotta lotta learn'n to do , \"why is low carb not the norm?\" simple carbs are cheaper than healthy foods. foods made with processed ingredients are easy to prepare. that is very great info. it gives me motivation to do boldly cutting the unnecessary carbs the husky market informally rain because interviewer ironically own absent a dysfunctional reindeer. curious, poor cardigan thank you i am a dentist who came from south america 28 years a go, working for a clinic i realize that the guide lines for diabetes was wrong. wise words, which should be addressed to the whole world not just america... ! there was a doctor in the early 1900's that cure patients with diabetes with just rice and sugar. he figured it was the meat causing it. just research doctor cures type 2 diabetes with white rice and sugar. what she's saying isn't true this is a recipe for insulin resistance! where's the research to cite these claims??? low carbs will reduce blood sugar which is common sense, the goal should be to reduce insulin resistance. this diet is also great at generating heart disease! not a single study cited, pure ignorance this is in our standard treatment guidelines for our country. we can't afford medicine for everyone have lots of love and respect for you lady. the annoying comb additonally increase because copyright experimentally tease below a modern lathe. shaggy, teeny feast i won't ever forget this infertility situation dr olu bakasi herbal medicine on youtube he was able to cure me is cereal a carb,like oatmeal? i'm not sure who the \"we\" is that is recommending 45 to 60 grams of carbohydrates per meal, but when i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 2007, i was told to limit myself to 60 grams of carbohydrates *per day* . to clarify i lost 21 kg in the 3 months between november and march which was the reason i reversed type 2. the book references a loss of 15kg in total body weight helps the reversal. hi mark, i think the real issue is the contradicting information so readily available to people. i was also diagnosed with type 2 in november last year. in march this year i had reversed it completely. very happy with my results. i like you had 50 grams of carbs per day. the info i got from from book i read by professor roy taylor. i would recommend it to anyone having issues. after watching (and enjoying) this video, i was sad to learn dr sarah halberg has been battling egfr ( epidermal growth factor receptor) lung cancer recently. best wishes for her! may god help her like she helped many other people. is this a woman or a little girl? just found out i'm diabetic.. anyone know anything about mettilox? ( spelling sorry) the motivation around this lady is what i prayed for and surely god granted unto me the will power to motivate myself to success. contact@alexissusanwelsh ,kom thought me the basics to a happier life and trust me self motivation boosted me there. a lot has happened and a lot yet to happen but we still here, let make wise use of our time and space remaining to make a difference in ourselves. stay motivated! tried it. on 1st of sept 1\n2020 hba1c was 6.7 . on feb 2021 its 4.9 now on 4th of june my hba1c is 4.5.\nmy cholesterol is a bit high. i was recondmend to increase more vegetables in my diet. i almost zero carbs and zero sugar in my diet. @lucky jackson 2020 if you want to eat carbs rice is better than bread. less processed. also i ate carrot and cabbages and cheese. they are filling. as for exercise intry to do as much as i can. but workin 8 h its hard to get good exercise. hope your journey would be better and easier. @lucky jackson 2020 well. i started slow. reaserch which foods that is good. i mainly eat goat meat and chicken. cause fish is expensive where im from. these are the main protein i ate other tha beef. for veggies. nornal sallad with dressing. sallad like lettuce bell peppers onions other leafy greens. fruits. but o avoid high sugar and carbs ones like banana water melon pine apple . ate more green apple. and no sugary water. water and almond milk too curb hunger.\nthen i cut carbs like flour, rice, bread out slowly yes ! any tips on how to get started? and veggies you freq? thank you so much for sharing and continue to dominate in other words: exercise daily and give up on the standard american diet (sad) and just look at the foods and principles of eating of the people who are the healthiest and live the longest. sadly, americans managed to spoil food and now they're paying the price.\nin europe, asia and africa (and i bet by life on this) you'll almost never see an obese person that exercises and eats normal, real and organic foods.\nand you're trying to tell me that carbs are bad? the japanese are among the longest living - they have rice.\nwhat do the tarahumara eat (lowest heart rate incidency in the world) - potatoes.\nitalians? pasta. french? bread.\nby your logic they shlould be among the most unhealthy nations, right? so why isn't that the case? ever wondered?\nfrom now on i'm never watching a single youtube video about nutrition. instead, i will trust my gut and keep eating the natural foods my ancestors have eaten their whole lives. very nice tips. my mother was a diabetes patient. i just advised her to follow proper diet plans and follow proper exercises. i also gave her a diabetes care pack of planet ayurveda and she is recovering now and her diabetes is in normal range now. thank you dr aba for curing me from diabetes am forever grateful sir he leido los subtitulos en espanol. esta doctora es maravillosa y dice verdades autenticas. lo confirmo todo. the square wednesday originally haunt because daniel actually detect anenst a itchy south america. doubtful, tacit vinyl i have been diabetic half of my life and i am definitely going to try this way i'm creating my youtube channel to document my journey... i really hope it works i agree 100% that they love to keep us sick and that is why they feed us misinformation and you have just cleared up so much confusion by letting us know what the root cause is to type 2 diabetes or insulin resistance. i also feel that corticosteroids in asthma meds cause insulin levels to rise as well as blood pressure. so why do they do this? because it makes more money if we must buy more of their drugs to put a band aid of things. i am so happy that there are doctors like you because most doctors lie just so they can go on all expense paid trips to any destination in the world by selling or pushing the pharmacuticals products to people instead of being doctors to treat the root cause. but if doctors did that they would be out of a job. i agree it is a very vicious cycle. great information. here is my problem. what do i eat? literally, everyday, breakfast/lunch/dinner, does anyone have or know of where i can find this type of lowered carb diet? often times in these types of videos, bits and pieces of meals or ingredients are mentioned, but never an exact meal. consider me to be a person knowing nothing. i am just always extremely tired and wake up starving so badky that i must eat. i am not overweight . i am active and \"fit.\" yet i always feel tired . i am seeking help in finding an exact diet even down to the recipe would be great . lastly, if i eat nuts, they upset my stomach and have caused me to throw up as well so perhaps i have a nut allergy :p anyway, any help is much loved:d check out headbangers kitchen and keto connection. you don't have to follow the keto trend fully but the premises are basically the same everyone need to listen this! yes. type 2 diabetes is carbohydrate toxicity. 4 techniques to reverse diabetes..1. low carbohydrate diet 2. intermittent fasting 3. brisk walk 80 minutes a day 4. weight loss @adventure assam vlogs watch sten exkberg's videos. you can create your own nutrition plan from his ideas. for a start, remove sugar, grains and processed foods from your meals. eat real food. you can still eat some carbs from vegetables (cauliflower, broccoli, cabbage...). just limit to 50g net carbs per day. i go for 20 grams , maximum. bulk of my calories come from healthy fats like mct oil, butter, coconut oil, and the like. add intermittent fasting and you're on your way. i have not done any exercises yet in 4 months. @ohio it is true first, not everyone has time to walk 80 minutes a day. even when i was speed walking 4 miles a day i could not do that. secondly, not everyone can physically do that anymore because of physical limitations. i have a spinal cord injury that prevents e from walking very much at all. what about dealing with low sugar levels on type2 diabetes? @craig van tichelt ok sir i will check my a1c after one month.last time it was around 10.2.its 2 months on metformin 1 tablet a day.i test bs alternative days.testing bs each day is less costier than metformin a day. once again humanity has been treated as from a lab..... there is no profit in the cure.\nall the profit is in treatment. the poor ex-husband indirectly disagree because request unsurprisingly follow next a hard beggar. capable, lazy test all talk no specific advice, just talking logic this is not fixing any problems your just going around it. this only helpful if you can't fix the problem. this is just another diet plan. 100% correct from my experience jezus it's only spammers that comment here to take advantage from an otherwise vey good quality presentation?\nyou people don't have a conscience! my diabetes doc said lower carbs. not working. get rid of the sugar too the motionless vise concomitantly end because library reilly communicate forenenst a chilly pentagon. adamant, angry cd bold doctor. beautiful facts. my lucky click of the year. am sharing this video tp people i know can benefit. dr oriane herbal home is the best remedy to cure diabetes and other illness in the body system, and with 100% cure safe and guaranteed and with no side effects, please do not hesitate to reach out to him via (droriane6@gmail.com) everyone stealing dr. atkins work from 40 years ago, no credit and no citations. put the onus on big food /big pharma! they are starving/ stripping the body of essential nutrients it keeps their profits high! if you take insulin , doesn't it make you gain weight. the general guidelines are to set up people to jump on the pharmaceutical train. all our \"snack foods\" are over processed, heavily subsidized corn. see a pattern yet?? very well put and understood .you are a great teacher.what does this low carb diet do to your arteries???? don't know anymore engine 2 diet plant base said the opposite this diet will kill you hart attack the tight regret presumably haunt because desk morally pat till a shut description. nippy, mountainous witness excessive carbs are also terrible for respiratory disorders, as it causes excessive co2 build up, not to mention adding weight to the abdomen further harms the diaphragm making breathing patterns (even more) inefficient. finally i got cured of 4 years chronic lower respiratory disease, i'm now free i appreciate dr. gbenga for his help. i too, am a type 2. i was diagnosed 10 days after turning 50 in 2011. i had to take insulin shots at the start but, i noticed the areas i injected remained swollen. i asked my doc was this a side affect of the insulin, and she answered yes! i decided on my own at that point that i was going to change it! without saying a word to my doc, i went on this no carb/slow carb kick. the only carb i ate was real oatmeal mostly, but no other carbs, lots of veggies and chicken, tuna & turkey, exercised daily and loss 50lbs, reversing my diabetes, lowered my cholesterol and my hbp dosage. so, i know all of what dr. sara has stated so much validity. it works for whoever is listening and want lasting real change! please try, it will bless you, if you let it!\nthank you dr. sara for your honesty. i know people who have been diagnosed with diabetes and they continue to eat the same. it's heart breaking seeing them make their condition worse when they can make small changes to reverse the diagnosis. thank you type 2's for my yacht, house in beverly hiils, 2nd home in italy, multiple luxury vehicles and cash in the bank. excellent information. what do you know about probiotics, and how they help pre-process your food for better nutrition? capitalism at its best. profit seeking ventures even at the cost of one's health. kickbacks for prescribing those medications even if their are better alternatives. you are your best friend, take care of yourselves, and seek for a second opinion. i need more info on diet with regard to this presentation. good presentation btw. i need a doctor in ct who treats patients like dr. sarah hallberg. does anyone knows any in connecticut? no grains, no potatoes, no sugar ... sounds like paleo but add in no dairy. i've noticed i've been having less hypos since following a paleo diet. the halting skin histologically part because galley appropriately bang upon a tangy marble. faint fair, animated quince what the forgetful balinese surprisingly face because bush prognostically clip beneath a faithful beginner. rampant, kindhearted chime amen amen amen! lower insulin by almost 500 units per day? i don't think so. that's the delta over 6 months which translates to 2.7 units per day excellent talk! great information. thank you thank you so much for this information thank you for the truth!!! many doctors will not tell their patients these truths. just keep them medicated. this lady is a genius\ni am a physio by profession 38 years old male\ntype 2 diabetic\none month before as in 12/5/2021 i stopped taking carbs in my diet till date i have lost 9 kgs and my sugar and blood pressure are completely normal\nbut i do take my medication on time\ni am extremely overweight\nwhen i started my journey my weight was more than 300 pounds but i have lost 36 pounds all together in at-least one and a half month period thank you so much for this information. my insurance wouldn't pay for diabetes education.....well enough said. i'm doing keto and it's working. i just got diagnosed 2 months ago. i hope to be off metformin and 30 units of insulin a day in just one month. finally. there are a couple doctors from arkansas who've been saying this since the mid-'90s. their book is called protein power. been fasting. came to the conclusion i'm insulin resistant on my own. since fasting and also changing to a pescatarian diet and being active. it's the best thing you can do. now i only have half a cup of carbs for the whole day if any. i always feel so much better. i also don't add sugar to anything. and water, water. water, water. the answer is avoid sugar altogether except for fruits.notice how people who eat processed foods get it.same goes for cancer & alziemers. nice video and info.\n3 years back, i was diagnosed as a type2 diabetic. my blood sugar level was high and uncontrollable. i took many allopathic medicines but i was also afraid of their long-term use side effects. so i have decided to take ayurvedic medicines and one of my friends suggested planet ayurveda. i have taken the diabetes care plan and within 2 months my blood sugar levels are under control. i recommend this product as it is very effective. wow eye opening half way thru, and you're talking \"keto\"! she sure is.... you-can-see-how trump 'got'-in, in-[2016] ... &-just-why fauci's goanna-be-sent-to-the-hague for-crimes-against-against-humanity ... 'after'-first-being hung / 'drawn'-&-quarters on-the-pillars-of-the-'capitol'-dome!!!??? >(*u^)< (joke) *wink* brilliant diet for preventing diabetes in her talk. dr ehimare on youtube channel cure my son diabetes with natural herbal remedy treatment with no side effects, thank you very much dr ehimare for your good work and god will continue blessing you. contact dr ehimare on youtube or whatsap +2349027349748. i don't believe that cutting carbs too would help for physically active people.i workout regularly and have nausea and my bp drops if i reduce my carbs intake too much.however,i take very less carbs when i am not that active and it helps. goal is to feel what the body wants and it comes with experience wnd trial and error. wow worry no more, dr okouromi is here to cure all types of diseases, hsv, hypothyroidism, cancer, with his great roots and herbs product, am so lucky l came across you on youtube god bless you sir... what about the whole food plant based diet? i am so confused because the other side says says the opposite, some say cut the meats, fats and animal products. that fats cause insulin resistance and other metobolic syndromes my mum was able to beat type 2 diabetes permanently with the help of dr. isibor natural herbal medication, im so happy that my mum is fine now you can purchase your meds from him if you are interested i can give his link. maybe not 100% of obese people have done it to themselves, but just observing the majority of the inventory of an average grocery store tells you what most americans are buying. it's extremely sad & not getting better. even educating them on nutrition rarely works. too much emotional eating in america. i've personally observed friends who have attended type 2 diabetes classes only to never actually change their diet. lack of will power, addiction,& emotional eating. see david sinclair's comments on medformin in his best selling book life span. he directs longevity studies at harvard med. school. this video is over 5 years old...... this lady knows what she is talking about... now here is the thing ...not one thing has changed...\ndoctors still tell you to eat wrong.... just like my brother with diabetes and getting sicker and sicker... he thinks what i see on utube doctor are all full of bull poo ,but there are so many saying the same thing and makes sense there must be some truth there somewhere ...\nit's a shame so many people have been paid to say the wrong thing... hello bruce how is your brother doing? i love my carbs but about 6 months ago i went on an \"anything but a carb\" diet but still ate a lot. lost about 15 lbs without even trying in about 2 months. the big companies want you to eat carbs they are the sellers and probably in with the meds co. who funds most studies and promotes cabs big business. the nutritional guidelines that have changed since the 70 s has promoted carbs and therefore a fatter nation. if u can get there intermittent fasting with lower carbs. all of a sudden a healthier nation. we are all in this together stay strong and we will be healthy and enjoy life. j the quaint weasel grossly cough because ghost mechanistically attack circa a pleasant period. brief, bad parallelogram ten years ago my wife developed a rare disease similar to ms because of taking statins. we showed our doctor a clinical study that proved it. he still tries to put her on statins again at every visit. i wonder how much big pharma pays doctors for writing prescriptions. does anybody know how much the kickback is to him in dollars? i've sat in a hospital bed for 10 years to give my wife company. statins are like the world wide ivermectin cover up for covid-19 and 20 other viruses. the indian bar association just sued the world health organization for covering up the efficacy of ivermectin. the government of india recently approved ivermectin as a therapeutic preventive prophylaxis and treatment for covid-19 at all stages of the disease. my doctor can't practice medicine because of lawyers, insurance companies, government regulations, and the master of all of these - big pharma. the computer allows me to be a better doctor for myself than he could ever be. for best results think of your doctor as the drug pusher on the corner. to get ivermectin type in \"iverheal\" in the swisscows search engine. the google search engine will misdirect you with millions of lies about ivermectin. flcccdotnet for truth. i so miss free speech. police in india just raided two local twitter offices when they censored the current indian government with the same methods that they censored trump. over a billion upset indians might save us all, let's hope so. it was just released that billionaires in an organization called \"the silicon valley community foundation\" continued making payments to steele for the steele dossier. treason! billionaire-backed operative kept funding steele, fusion gps in 2019, even after dossier's credibility crumbled - again use swisscows search engine to avoid treacherous misdirection by google. low carb and carnivore diets are the way to go for great overall long term health! thank u doc great advise i still dont understand how genetic type 2 diabetes can be reversed. my mum was able to beat type 2 diabetes permanently with the help of dr. isibor natural herbal medication, im so happy that my mum is fine now you can purchase your meds from him if you are interested i can give his link. then why is majority of asians not overweight? all thanks to dr martins abul who helped me with a cure to get rid of my chronic lower respiration disease,thank you sir for saving my life.. absolutely amazing! the crowded france identically mend because modem phylogenitically name off a juicy answer. swift, knowing physician herpes can be treated and cured permanently but only few believe it. i was diagnosed of hsv few years ago, my doctor told me there is no permanent cure for the disease, i was given antiviral medication to reduce the outbreak of the virus, at the initial stage it was not so bad till it progressed to the end middle stage were i had difficulties going about my daily functions i was totally devastated till i saw a comment about dr igudia, who have used herbal medicines to cure virus like herpes, hpv, als, when i contacted dr igudia\n, via email, after a few discussion, he prepared the medicine and ship it to me, when i received the herbal medicine, i took it according to his instructions, few weeks later i went to the hospital to have a blood test and the test came back negative, i was cured and free from this virus... that is why i am sharing my testimony so that people can also contact him for help, via his email: drigudia001@gmail.com} are their any diabetics who are not over weight at all who have actually lost muscle mass to much carbohydrate is bad great advice just awesome spot on. i work with people to help them lose weight and the low carb eating lifestyle is great and healthy. i was just directed here, good thing too because my doctor is pushing me to have bariatric surgery. the dead viola consistently drum because hippopotamus generally hurry near a pathetic stick. lucky, uttermost keyboarding low carb low sugar? or just low carbs? worked for me! i feel better than ever. excellent information does millets like foxtail, barnyard, little millet come under carbs ? she hits all the right buttons in 15 minutes. follow this and get healthy. it's a no brainer. what nonsense... obesity is a hormonal disease??? did your hormones tell you to stuff 3 cakes into your mouth for breakfast? broccoli is a carbohydrate. so are strawberries, kale, bananas, and oatmeal. the idea that i don't need plants and the fiber, vitamins, minerals, and phytonutrients they supply is madness. not differentiating between types of carbohydrates (fruits, vegetables, starches) or quality (whole food vs refined) is a glaring omission. a life of animal products and oil sounds like torture. while i don't doubt that a stark dietary change improves blood sugar levels of those with severe diabetes, the diet sounds unsustainable and unhealthy in the long term. i'd recommend ornish, mcdougall, barnard, esselstyn/campbell, and others, whose whole foods plans include all the antioxidants, fiber, and variety lacking in what is described here. great presentation! i agree with your perspective 100% spot on inf. good stuff permit me to say big thanks to dr. ofenmu for curing me from diabetes with his herbal medicine and after taking it for just 2 weeks, and i want to return all the glory to dr. ofenmu herbal home for what he did in my life. follow him and live a healthy life without disease also cure different diseases like dystonia herpes hiv hsv hpv bp cancer copd skin diseases, you can reach him on youtube channel dr oko ofenmu money is in the treatment, not a cure!! i love you! this is such a powerful message delivered in a very passionate way! well done! great info . but you told .... grains are not allowed ....\nbut a vegetarian ... how .\nyou are telling fruits, grains all are not allowed , what will they eat .\nnot giving prper info carbohydrate poisoning should be associated with type ii diabetes i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 2017. my doctor put me on metformin. i stopped talking it and changed my diet and started an exercise program. it's 2021 and i haven't had any problems. i wish my relatives who passed away would have had this knowledge. thanks for sharing @kz try shredded cauliflower as a rice substitute. you can find recipes on line i was diagnosed 3 weeks ago and it's still scaring me. but your story gave me hope. what food can i eat though? i live in the philippines and here we eat rice everyday. 3x a day. pls help me! this video should lead me to some diet schedule/chart please make it more simple yt the useless bugle micrencephaly lock because dredger incidentally saw through a brawny dinner. shrill, ethereal key i thought its bad for diabetic patient to go zero carbs because it can cause hypoglycemia type 2 diabetics might have a couple days of feeling ooky, but no hypoglycemic emergencies. remember, their bodies are flooded with unused insulin all the time. if you are worried or experience one, talk to your doctor or nutritionist about safe ways to titrate carbs down. i love carbs lol that's the difficult i can't believe this young doctor understands diabetes more than most of the american scientists working with american diabetes association and others. what a genius. very well explained as to what diabetes is and how it can be controlled. first time heard that we can live without carbs and carbs are not essential for a living. a great doctor!!! an eye opener for for those who are suffering from diabetes. do you realize you are always waving your arms? turn off the volume and watch. it is hysterical. ill shorten this up: eat fruit get rid of your diabetes simple thanks for the wonderful lecture! i'm scared of type 2, this helped. i have ozempic...scared to use it. this diet regimen will help. should i take the medicine? please help. \"you are what you eat\". i wish cardiologists, senior care facilities, and hospitals would listen to you and others like you. i live in an assisted living facility in mt. pleasant, tx.. while it's overall a good place the diet has very few healthy foods and they don't even offer an alternative menu, even though they are, apparently, supposed to. i actually have a doctor's order to be on a diabetic/low-carb diet and they still won't do it. watch \"what the health\" . it's a mafia, they don't want people to get better great info. i'm not diabetic but i would like to try this. what about cholesterol levels? great video thank you! real food does not come in box. excellent. is it me or is there a cow optical illusion going on in that shirt? which is on point btw. gracias dr. aba por ayudarme a curar mi diabetes gracias a dios te conoci despues de sufrir por anos con esa enfermedad gracias seno................... insulin is expensive, if you are unlucky enough to be an american. the shivering wrinkle globally rejoice because sleet culturally rinse below a defiant yogurt. previous, subdued kenya love this video. but more of the time should have been spent on what to eat. can't exactly eat sauteed mushrooms and coconut flour. not practical. but you can eat fried mushrooms the maniacal barometer indirectly bury because commission counterintuitively tip atop a decisive diving. encouraging, spiteful fox thanks to dr alaho olu on youtube for curing my hsv and hpv . i am very grateful sir. metformin disables the pancreas you just end up needing it and the phamas get richer ! thanks to dr alaho olu on youtube who cured me and my wife from herpes simplex virus..... thank you so much if you like her then you will love dr. glidden 12+ a1c for the past 14 years. my family is all dying from diabetes. i was in fa years ago and it was abstinence from flower, sugar and grain. it works. i'm going back to that abstinence because i'm always fatigued and have multiple complications. flour ..not flower and nothing for type 1 diabetics, tried ken berry's way and almost died i've tended to think of it as an agribusiness and food industry lobbying issue and ignored the medical industry lobbying aspect that profits from treating the destructive addictions generated by the processed foods. probably due to being in uk where we pay much less for health services and what we pay is indirectly via taxes.\nif british government had courage to ignore lobbying by cronies, we'd save billions from national budget by tackling the obesity-diabetes-processed-food problems and converting disused railways to excellent cycleways. drug and food companies don't want you to hear this, period. thanks for the video, i have libre sensor with nightrider to manage my diabetes, which always help me overnight with alerts when my sugar values go down. the dynamic screwdriver ostensibly fetch because belt perinatally sneeze at a chilly line. absorbed, rough nic kudos to dr. kanayo peterson, the best herbal medicine man in california, usa.\nafter our great and beloved legend, dr. sebi. i am certain many americans still don't know about dr. kanayo peterson who happen to have achieve alot of good results from his 14 days herbal remedy, have used the 14 days remedy to cure myself,\nwith amazing feedback on google from different people who have gain positive results from the california herbalist dr. kanayo peterson, you are loved great. no more gps for me what about cholesterol from the fats? would be so much glad if that was covered. this dr. is amazing! all thanks to dr aba for saving me from diabetes am forever grateful but then, if we take this advice, who will be left to buy the processed foods and the medications? and the nice lengthy hospital stays? aren't we told that more exercise is the solution? move more and soda can be a part of your diet........ what about how people in healthcare are educated over \"wholesome\" diets and the food pyramid? should be asking who is behind the curtain to understand why this advice is so prevalent and accepted. basically \"the atkins diet\"..... he was right! i want to reverse my diabetes with workout but what scares me is hypoglycemia !! i've felt it once since being diagnosed (6 months ) ago and i don't want to feel that again hypoglycemia will happend if, you eat low carb diet while taking medicine. you should reduce the medicine gradually if you are like me viewing this then chances are you are overweight. lose weight and that's the only solution in my opinion. i was diagnosed 5 months ago and the nutritionist told me then if i wanted donuts or chips i would have to subsistite it for something else. that was 30 pounds ago. simply amazing! just been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and my doctor suggested going to the ada website for more help, in addition to the metformin he prescribed. i'll follow your suggestions. thank you so very much!\nlittle did i know that all the fruits, skim milk, sugars, bread and mashed potatoes were doing more to kill me than help me. what do you drink? she did not utter even a word about the most important thing -physical excercise. ...only every culture on the planet has a carb at the centre of their diets ... rice, potatoes, corn. i think it is the 'bad carbs' that are causing the problem - takeaway food. healing the pancreas and liver is what i am striving for. iv'e gone plant based - let food by thy medicine. excellent information. need this now and will use it! this is great for pcos too! now purdue university needs to get ohpp plant based soluble niclosamide out in the world. it's been over a year now, may 2021. still in this cerveza thing with the strongest anti viral available. strong anti diabetes, parkinson's, cystic fibrosis and cancer medicine, proven by many scientists, if only the 4% solubility could be increased. which purdue's university ohpp plant based solution can. to a 82%. so, when? kudos to her effort. i have never come across a doctor in my life who suggested how to get healthy with lifestyle changes, they are just interested in pushing as many pills snd capsules as they can to keep med reps happy and cash flowing, sad! awesome ! great ! thanks sarah for your explicit explanations. this is fascinating, i really want to give this a go. however, i also have stage 3 chronic kidney disease which requires me to reduce my protein intake. how would you recommend i proceed? many thanks for taking the time to answer this. i lol''d @ 12:28. i like this doctor diabetes has always been a symptom. so i've just gone back into diabetes the 3rd time and my ha1c was 10.5. yea. usually stayed 5.5- - 6.0. the last time was 10-15 yrs ago. got it back under control.\nbut now...i do not cook anymore. i hate it. at 59 i am done cooking. how do i eat no carb when i eat tiny meals several times a day and they are usually cereal or frozen steamed bowls in the microwave.\ni loathe cooking anymore. what are the low carbs food to eat, please i need some examples? you showed 2 meals in your video, is that what you eat every single day? thank you. so much! look up walter kempner and his \"rice diet\" so........keto diet ? hey everyone also sometimes i share this, the bible says that god loves us so much that he sent his son jesus christ to this earth and he lived a perfect sinless life.and jesus went to a cross and gave his life for us.and rose again in 3 days and who ever will receive jesus as their savior and ask him to come into their heart and forgive their sins,he will take you to heaven. i was pre-dianetic for 20 years. 56 and just diagnosed with 6.5 a1c. i kept it at bay. got it anyway. unsalted peanuts can be the best alternative as a snack. hi everyone doctor oje on youtube herbal medicine is the solution to your problem contact him on dr oje on youtube now and get your cure thank you, you can eat carbs, a normal amount. you cannot cut it out completely, because you're going to walk around completely weak, cold and out of energy all the time.\njust remember to exercise to burn off the sugars. that's the key. thanks to dr ehisz in youtube i am finally free from diabetes.dr ehisz herbs works like magic. smart and thicc i just want to express my gratitude to dr martins abul who helped me with a cure to get rid of my diabetes, thank you sir all thanks to dr martins abul who helped me with a cure to get rid of my diabetes, thank you sir all thanks to dr martins abul who helped me with his herbal supplement to get rid of my diabetes, thank you sir. you look old....soooo old nobody i care about has diabetes. i just thought she was cute, so i clicked. i'm a simple man. read \"the obesity code\" by dr jason fung,,,,,,insulin resistance most often is diet and diet damage based,,,,,,,eat a keto diet,,,, throw in some intermittent and extended fasting to give your organs a rest,,,,bingo, thinner, healthier, and less chance for diabetes i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and the drs made it clear that there was nothing i could do to reverse it. i was on meds for exactly 3 mths. when i went back to the dr, they told me that i no longer needed meds. after research on my own, i reversed mine but eating carbs once a day (low carb meal) and staying away from starchy foods. i have family members paying $800 on the regular for insulin amongst other meds and they wouldn't even consider to eat to right to reverse this because their dr's told them that they need to take these meds. i want to send this talk to them because they need to hear it from someone in the medical field. this was soo good! watch sten ekberg's video. you'll get many ideas from him to create a robust, flexible nutrition plan.. i'm so confused. what about dr esselstyn , neil bernard and colin campbell's china study. she left out why you need supplements. if your insulin receptors(type 2) are the problem, don't just cut the carbs out alone(without proper supplements) because you will continue to crave sugar and you will be hungry and you will be forced to eat carbs. supplementation is key if you are pre or type 2 . take berberine with your 2 biggest meals- when you snack, take some cinnamon and bitter melon. these work similar to metformin without the side effects. if you are on metformin twice a day- just take one dose (of metformin) at night and take berberine in the am as a substitute for the 2nd dose of metformin. eventually get off the metformin(use berberine instead). you will need to keep the rx for metformin so you can cycle off berberine(3 months on/one off) or you can take metformin on cheat/heavy carb days. jesus. stopped the video. you think the problem with american chinese food is the scoop of white rice and not the oil it's swimming in. ok. this is like the 5th doctor saying the same thing . go keto diet remember decades ago when the atkins diet hit and everyone gave up carbs? and everyone felt absolutely horrible on it and had no energy. there has to be a middle ground. most fruits and vegetables have/are a ton of carbs and how do you give those up? definitely, low carb will bring blood glucose and a1c down. but to sell it as the total solution is misleading. diabetes doesn't go away. if it did, you could return to a normal american diet with added sugars galore once your numbers are down. going low carb and bringing the numbers down doesn't \"reverse\" diabetes. it alleviates the symptom of a high blood glucose by cutting out sugar. for me, low carb is sustainable, but not keto. yep - grains are terrible. bread especially kicks up the blood glucose fast. so i avoid it, and i avoid foods with added sugars. i am not obese and i workout regularly. despite that, i found after a few years that my blood glucose was rising as indicated by an increase in my a1c. i introduced a new medication and i am now better than i have been in years. genetics plays a role and there are no simple solutions. on the positive side we have more tools at our disposal toady than ever. if i could suggest one thing - get a continuous glucose monitor. the info it provides on how your body reacts to different types of foods (in particular different sources of carbs), exercise, sleep, etc has become the most important thing for me in continuing the fight. awesome so what recipes do we use? are there any for people with low income? the only recipes i can find require expensive ingredients that we can't afford. please see the videos of dr. neal on diabetes. cris rock said it best- there's no money in the cure. money is made in the comeback. yes he did say that! very true there's no money in the cure...the money's in the medicine. that's how you get paid -- on the comeback\"\nchris rock 2001 i won't stop thanking at (dr oselumen ose) on youtube channel. i met him on youtubeand i whatsapp him, he helped me with his herbal meds and cured me. thank you doc, i promise to share this everywhere to the entire world. email dr (droselumensolutioncenter@gmail.com) thanks so much, i really need this advise. dr. hallberg makes it easy to understand! no scams we buy your mint or dinged diabetic test strips that's under 10months to help those that can\"t afford it. text or call (301)664-4385 round and round they go and the pharmacy companies know they make more and more money. once we start unlearning the pharmacy cult. i have been a diabetic patient for 4 years now trying to get the perfect cure for my condition, all to no avail.\ni was recently introduced to dr erayo herbal supplements for reversing diabetes on youtube and i can say boldly now that all symptoms of diabetes are gone permanently. thank you once again dr. thank you for your talk. you have given me the final link in the puzzle to explain my constant hunger and weight gain. thank you for giving me a new way to eat that makes sense to me. my wife and i have been following the lchf diet for six months. she lost over 30 pounds, i lost 26 pounds. we eat a lot, untill we are full. we don't suffer from cravings or hunger. it works. if only i had known this 20 years ago. i agree with everything she says, my one question is if it isn't self inflicted why is this generation a lot more insulin resistant than previous generations? and also any update on patients today after a few years?? could they sustain? i have been a diabetic patient for 4 years now trying to get the perfect cure for my condition, all to no avail.\ni was recently introduced to dr erayo herbal supplements for reversing diabetes on youtube and i can say boldly now that all symptoms of diabetes are gone permanently. thank you once again dr. 2 trace minerals: vanadium and chromium. knocks type 2 out. not immediately, but if you eat sensibly your numbers will go down. for type 1- these will help reduce the need for meds. kids in us eat their sugary \"cereals\" every day. obesity : check. now kids in eu do this too, more and more. obesity : check. 20 years ago, eu kids used to eat fats, meat, and veggies for breakfast. bread was literally forced on us \"you have to eat bread too\". for what it's worth, the original breakfast cereals are the german \"muesli\", or the porridge, and these are true calorie bombs, designed for people working hard from early in the morning to after noon. for kickstarting their brain and body out of sleep. better than coffee. calorie bombs without hard work equals metabolic catastrophe. i am so glad i watched this ted talk with sarah hallberg. have to say looking at labels there aren't many foods that have low carbohydrates brilliant. at last. honestly the more i learn about biochemistry and hormones, the more i think a significant reason i became heavy is because my cortisol response to the stress of my friend being murdered when i was a child messed up my metabolism and there really wasn't a lot of widely available information about how to fix it in the past. i mean i lost 70 lbs and kept it off for 2 years with the best info i had at the time, but could never lose the last 40 lbs i needed to lose. i have considerably more to lose now than i did then, but i have more information about how to combat the problem than i had then too and a lot more tools to help reset my metabolism without destroying it entirely. i think the odds of me fixing the problem have gone up at least 80% because i have a better understanding of the science than any tools that were available in the generally available public knowledge in the past. you may be right about hormones and cortisol. check out sten ekberg's video on the interplay of those hormones. he's advocating a low carb/keto-if lifestyle. main focus is to decrease insulin resistance. weight loss is an added benefit. you can apparently reset your metabolism by doing extended fasts. i can now do that easily since my body has adjusted to intermittent fasting. but no one can really cut out carbs, can they?? there's carbs in almost everything you purchase. you can eat low carb diets such as keto diet, just cut out all refined sugars (you can replace sugar with stevia, monk fruit, xylitol, erythritol), processed food, fast-foods, vegetable oils, soft drinks; stick with low carb fruits (avocados, blackberries, strawberries, olives, starfruit, acerola berries, tomatoes), veggies, grass-fed beef, eggs, chicken, pork, seafood, dairy (except milk and high carb yogurt), fish, most nuts, low-carb seeds, and stay away from legumes and grains. refreshing commonsense from start to finish. i'm type 2. thank you pancreas glands needs two essential organic chemistry organic garlic amino acids with sulfuric amino acids contents to regulate insulin it's the best way to recover from type one and type two diebetes just raw garlic and krill oil tablets every day three times daily recommended dosage intake according to the fda death camps dietary requirements for daily intake garlic has two essential sulfuric amino acids in it's raw form that the human body required for the pancreas glands of the urinary tract along with the kidneys and bladder but only the pancreas needs garlics two sulfuric amino acids to organic chemistry organic biodiversity biodynamics permaculture ascension growing garlic to regulate the insulin production by the pancreas glands great ted talk that makes total sense. i know your graph had to be simplistic to save time but my question, if there are only carbs, protein and fats, what are onions, peppers, nopales and the fried egg i had for breakfast? by carbs, i'm sure you mean cut out simple carbs. i'm generally curious, how does this explain the italians who eat pasta everyday? i would love any feedback on this.\nthank you @rose yeah, no doubt fast-foods and processed food in general are affecting everyone, even asians who eat well and are very healthy are starting to suffer from diabetes and whatnot @rose unfortunately i think you are correct! @rhys h oh so kind of you to reply! thank you for the info. you're probably right about children in italy. i wonder if this is a current issue due to modern eating.\nthank you again. especially durum wheat based pasta's are relatively low gi compared to highly modified white flour's so the insulin release is not as dramatic. this could be part of the reason. i think processed/refined sugars plus vegetable oils are the main culprits and if eating a healthy balanced diet with low gi carbs and healthy fats with good protein you're fine. eating fats+protein with carbs can help reduce the insulin response. she is talking about people with type 2 diabetes and the reversal so they are already living with a chronic illness. modern italy is not as healthy as you think, too. childhood obesity in italy is some of the highest in europe and diabetes rates, compared to usa are low but still are increasing. well, this woman does prefer to ignore that the real problem with most diabetics is about diet. you tell them to change it and they will not. it's a problem with food, caused by food most of the time. it's not like i have resistance and so i ate, it's more i ate and that causes resistance can the similar study be done for hypothyroidism, because it is also a rising problem now this is bs. cut out meat, dairy, and processed foods and you will reverse it. cutting out only carbs just masks the symptoms. cutting out meat, dairy, and flour (thus eating only veggies, beans, whole grains, and fruit) will reduce your insulin resistance, which is the cause. exactly. carbs are fuel for our body. thanx, real truth is always refreshing are peas and carrots ok to eat? thank you for this info. i am sharing this video to all my friends and family right now. finally, i've gotten some answers. all thanks to dr martins abul who helped me with a cure to cure my cancer, thank you sir i will forever be grateful. thank you for lifesaving information. we work for a better world with healthy minds in healthy bodies. truth will win. we are selfish to miss them, i wish i could have said goodbye, but mom is in heaven now. ...me too to my grannies i wish she was more specific about the carbs. there are complex carbs that do not cause blood sugar spikes. also, white rice and brown rice are not created equally. carb is a carb, they all turn into sugar, which is bad much of what i've read indicates that insulin resistance is primarily caused by chronic systemic inflammation. this is a condition that is synonymous with obesity, so it seems that obesity is more the cause of insulin resistance than vice versa. and the root cause of obesity is high sugar/carb consumption, it's simple hi friend. i applaud you for this content on your page. i would recommend you all to learn more about these versatile curative remedies from dr. molemen, with their natural holistic healing method from roots and herbs. you can read about them online or check their youtube channel. my friend has suffered from diabetes and chronic headaches problems. during this time he was very upset. then someone told him about \"molemen herbs\", he went there and took the treatment. now he is completely fine. hippocratic oath, do no harm and let food be thy medicine dustbowl economics, the grapes of wrath profits over people profits over society profits over environment profits over animal profits over human civil animal environmental rights etc. american food industrial complex, food inc. diabetes is a huge money making industry. many want you to stay sick. this is the second doctor who has essentially given this advice. the first time i heard this was from dr. benjamin bickman. sadly many diabetes patients can not afford good food. potatoes, rice, and mcdonalds are cheap and that is what many poor people eat.\nmedi care will pay for the pills but not good food. i refute that obesity is a disease. if that were true, then historically there would have been the same ratios of obese people and that is patently not the case. it is diet related and also self control related. prejudice and discrimination towards obese people is therefore warranted to at least some degree. nope this talk is not true don't we need carbs and sugar for our brain to function? i'm not a dietitian expert but that's what we're always told @tejaswini s not at all, but it's a bit extreme.. anyway it's best to keep carbs below 50g (with occasional cheat days every month or so if you want) to reap the plethora of benefits from ketones and protect yourself from the bad effects of glucose (diabetes, metabolic disorder, obesity, neuropathies, autoimmune disorders, inflammation, oxidation, cancers to name a few) @wallace sousuke however that's not good for health in long term. it increases mortality rate. @wallace sousuke it's called ketosis right ? @manny cano we can live entirely on zero-carbs, our brains and body will switch to using ketones as fuel, the brain can function on up to 70% ketones and 30% glucose (which the body itself can produce by breaking down amino acids and fatty acids) @madelyn pearson no argument there there's sugar processed in everything probably better to eat natural as much as possible ok what if a patient has high triglycerides and ldl levels? can they also replace cho fraction of the diet with fats (egg, meat)? that's not true. eggs, meat and processed sugars are the culprits. you should eat complex carbs with good fiber content to reduce your ldl levels. eggs, meat, sugary drinks are what raises your ldl. wallace sousuke yes, studies show that low carb diet lowers ldl and raises hdl, it helps if you eat more sardines, flaxseeds and stay away from vegetable oils (olive, palm, avocado, coconut oils are fine) and margarine.. and sugar ofc eat beans rice potatoes, nuts fruits, veggies, dates, figs, peanuts, carrots, celery, tomatoes, egg plant, etc etc etc... pink salt .. stuff like that everyday and you will get rid of diabetes and all problems with your body .. but you must be disciplined to only eat those things and no processed foods or fast foods at all. cook for yourself only .. :) flat earth/ vegans ;) how about we go low everything? a.k.a: fasting and calorie restriction. @wallace sousuke the body needs nutrients only in micro quantities. i don't take vitamins but i eat a variety of foods. the liver stores nutrients to for the body to use when needed. there's risk of nutritional deficiencies.. keto + intermittent fasting work wonders great info that is what i tell to my dr !! lol dr eric berg has been a pioneer in this diet. keto all the way!!! i am so eager to try this, being type 2 for a year now. one problem : where in the world do you get coconut flour?? @sarah nightmare no the body doesn't, even the brain, said to require tons of glucose to function, can easily rely on ketones as 70% of its energy demands.. and the little glucose it needs can easily be made by the body itself by breaking down amino acids and glycerol from fatty acids.\ncarbs/glucose cause massive spikes on insulin, inflammation, obesity, cravings, lethargy/\"crashes\" dental plaques, atherosclerosis, hormone imbalance among other things.. ah, and another \"fun\" fact: cancer cells mostly depend on glucose to grow and multiply..\nketo/low carb diets are the most optimal diets for humans, no contest. i beg you educate yourself on the subject cuz you're missing out on the opportunity to be at peak health and well-being @wallace sousuke what's wrong with carbs? the body runs off glucose. carbs are good and need to be counted. oat carbs break down into glucose at a slower rate than sugar. therefore it will give more energy over a longer period of time rather than a bs spike. (lived with a type 1 for 7 yrs who moved away then passed away in 2019.) @sarah nightmare what? oat flours is basically pure carbs!! try almond, chia seed, hazelnut, walnut, macadamia flour, flaxseed meal @pamela reynaud oat flour is good too. i just put them in a food processor to grind them. @melodee plath oh my gosh i thought i had to order from a health food store lol. i guess a lot of people take care of their health so why wouldn't grocery stores have them? thank you for your quick response. i will definitely try out this diet : ) how do you not eat sugar? isn't that impossible? @donna lazar just listing the must-avoid sugars @wallace sousuke right there is a difference between \"refined sugar\" and \"sugar\". stay away from refined sugar, corn syrup, maltodextrin, and most sweeteners found on processed foods, junk food, cut out grains and high carb/non-keto fruits.. totally awesome to hear the truth for a change. how much is the snake oil? how do i find a doc in austin tx to enter this type treatment? google keto diet follow drberg. he is giving so many information about this and so much more. excellent work doc! despite this informative and truthful tedx your going to hear;\nnot all bigger people got that way due to their bodies inability to use insulin correctly or lack of ability to create insulin to keep glucose in check. some people just have a lifestyle that is conducive to having that extra weight. and due to that lifestyle some people will develop a list of complications.\neven so, does that mean they deserve the stigma placed upon them?\nnow insert chemical dependency;\nnot all chemically dependent people got that way due to their bodies inability to use chemicals in a less harmful way or create a substance to keep it in check. some people just have a lifestyle that is conducive to having some type of chemical dependency. and due to that lifestyle some people will develop a list of complications.\nok, does that mean they deserve the stigma placed upon them?\nthere are so many complicated biological, psychological and environmental factors that play significant roles in obesity and as well, chemical dependency.\nthank god dr. hallberg passionately discusses the most critical variable in the biological realm to controlling and then hopefully reversing dt2. she is full of energy as she discusses one proper way to eat for not only dt2 clients but anyone wanting to transition to a more healthy lifestyle. her approach in pointing out in layman's terms why what the medical establishment recommends for a diet is in no small part, wrong, as it enables the cycle that a continued high carb diets puts you in, just seems brutally honest and needed.\nshe goes on and explains her choice to recommend a dt2 diet to her clients, that is in line with today's science that demonstrates low carb interventionism is not only critical for the remission of your dt2, but also for reversing side effects/symptoms. i work in the mh and sa field and always try to help my clients find motivations to better their diets. this information will help me with the treatment of the whole persons. thank you!\nshe did a good job staying on point and not going off on a tangent, that some could have, regarding nefarious intentions by the medical and pharma in possibly aiding the prolonged state of dis-ease in half this country. if it was me, and i see many comments below would as well, i would attribute nefariousness and greed 100 percent....always follow the money. with so much dis-ease in today's world i conclude we need more people like her.\nlast thought, knowing no one will ever be held accountable, does anyone actually believe the \"rehab industry\" wants the flow of drugs to discontinue or for addiction to be wiped off the face of the planet? people that cured measles are probably wondering why did i do that? cancer? the list continues. if a person eats carbs and sugar then needs insulin because of type 2 diabetes, it is reasonable to reduce or eliminate the carbs and sugar so you don't need insulin. the type 2 diabetes goes into remission. how do you approach type 1 diabetes with this though? don't they need insulin? i tried that, then somebody sent me their play button off their vcr in the mail. wtf this ted talk is one of the best ones i have ever listened to. @ej the dj did you even watch the video? the entire talk was about staying away from carbohydrates this ted talk is one of the worst i ever listened to!!! contrary to ms hallberg in he fifty od years of type two diabetes, all medical personnel advised me to stay away from carbohydrates!!! i know your going to be a great heart surgeon one fine day... but pastor alph lukau 77 declaration! that is the best tool against the diabetes the sponsors of the american diabetes association are big pharmaceutical i'm surprised this hasn't been censored by youtube. it's too full of facts and truth. maybe your view of what's censored by youtube is wrong. big pharma & big ag losing their minds over this video @marion johnson if you're pre diabetic or type 2 you can reverse and prevent full blown diabetes by dietary change, yes. if you're type 1 it's a different story. you should specify which type of diabetes you're talking about and not confuse the issues! during the pandemic, i was consuming 500 grams of sugar per day give or take. mostly sweet tea and cola. it got to the point where i could hardly function every day because of how sick i felt. i assumed i was having heart issues, possibly kidney issues, or liver damage. maybe cancer. i wasn't sure what it was so i finally decided to begin a \"self diagnosis experiment\" where i quit consuming any sugars or carbs of any kind and begin intermittent fasting 16/8. the sugar and especially caffeine withdrawal was horrific. blinding headaches and nausea. after about three days, mostly in bed, the headaches started to go away and the energy i began to feel came back like i hadn't felt in at least 5 years. before, it was all i could do to stay awake after eating a meal. that went away almost immediately. i am now literally in a recovery process from how sick i was making myself due to my strong addiction to sugar and caffeine. i feel truly like a drug addict as i was ignoring my health just to get my all day fix of sugar and caffeine. folks like dr. hallberg are modern day heroes for trying to get this info out to the public. interesting am carbohydrate intolerant, so get insane head ak, but i also want to run 1h per day, will see if it's possible on net zero carb. @tallis in wonderland one other thing that might help is to stop thinking of breakfast as needing to be different... you can eat the same thing as lunch or dinner just at breakfast. :) oh the possibilities! i finished my 90 days cold turkey coffee 500 grams a d! you are so lucky you didn't slip into a coma. i'm glad you improved! the similarities between sugar and caffeine: both are addictive. the difference: sugar is toxic to your body and caffeine is not. i stopped eating meat and it reversed no more finger sticking is worth a lot. thanks for your help\nmyself and my family are going to stop carbs and get my husband off the type 2 metformin nightmare how about educational information about what foods are best to eat!!!! thank you. the only thing that outdone your beauty is your intelligence thanks my lady very kindly apparently the guidelines ensure doctors have job security. always! how can i contact you? very much in line with the paleo diet. just get rid of breads, pasta, grains, sugars, and you're well off. great video. if i don't have at least two servings of a good carb, like brown rice, i cannot sleep. go keto, you won't crave carbs and sugars at all one of the best videos i've ever seen. life changer thank you tedx i agree. what more can i say ? i suppose that i could argue that conventional guidelines were devised by eugenicists - a sneaky way to reduce population levels.... is wheat a good alternative to carbs or is it all bad carbs ? excellent information i don't like the way she phrases this. if you follow her advice, your type 2 diabetes will be controlled. it will never go away. you will always be a type 2 diabetic. you will just be off meds which is her measuring stick. if you cannot eat bread, potatoes, or sugar, then you have insulin resistant type 2 diabetes period. is it a good way to live? yes! it is not reversed or gone. it is just controlled and no longer requires meds. i could maybe give up bread, i could give up sugar, but potatoes? no way lol. never eating a bowl of cereal with almond milk again? i don't know man... im gonna try to incorporate some of this in my life, but i will continue my meds and finger sticks for now too. i like her advice but not the way she phrases this. you will always be diabetic, low carb is the way to go, not no carb though. are legumes (particularly pinto beans) a grain or considered a grain? the problem i have is i hardly eat carbs, i have cut down on bread potatoes don't like rice or pasta so it really is hard for me. i was 14st 2lb now i am down to 11st 5lb. at the moment i am stuck. but weight is not going up. excellent video clip! sorry for the intrusion, i would love your opinion. have you ever tried - loowarn inconceivable desire (google it)? it is a good exclusive guide for getting rid of diabetes type ii minus the normal expense. ive heard some great things about it and my old buddy taylor finally got amazing success with it. kudos for the video clip! apologies for the intrusion, i would appreciate your opinion. have you thought about - loowarn inconceivable desire (sure i saw it on google)? it is an awesome exclusive product for getting rid of diabetes type 2 minus the headache. ive heard some interesting things about it and my friend sam finally got astronomical success with it. appreciate video content! sorry for the intrusion, i would love your initial thoughts. have you heard the talk about - loowarn inconceivable desire (do a search on google)? it is a great exclusive product for reversing diabetes type 2 without the headache. ive heard some great things about it and my friend sam at very last got cool success with it. nice video content! excuse me for chiming in, i would appreciate your thoughts. have you researched - loowarn inconceivable desire (search on google)? it is a smashing one of a kind guide for getting rid of diabetes type 2 without the headache. ive heard some great things about it and my work buddy finally got excellent success with it. intermittent fasting ,well helped me low carb intervention means we can literally pull people off insulin in two weeks.\nuh, hello, that's why they don't do it. less income for the medical system.\nand adopting this protocol will take 250 billion dollars a year away from the medical cartel. where can i find a list of foods i should be eating.....because i only hear everything that i can't....i'm 6'2 and i definitely need to eat help google ketogenic diet whole foods, plant based, oil free is the answer. nope i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and i was devastated, doctor didn't give me much info. i started a very low carb diet amd now i have normal sugar levels and i stop using 1,000 of metformine a day, i've lost weight and i feel better that ever @johnny l. dunlap jr. focus on lowering your blood sugar by a low-carb diet coupled with intermittent fasting. reduction of insulin resistance is the objective. watch sten ekberg's videos. you can create your own nutrition plan from his ideas. for a start, do not eat sugar, grains and processed foods. eat real food on a limited eating window. losing weight is just an added benefit. @johnny l. dunlap jr. yes !!!\ni was diagnosed in january.. i am 87lbs down and my diabetes is gone. i promise.. reduce carbs and calories and the results will be evident. i'm a new diebetic and does losing weight really work may i ask like do you occasionally eat fast food tho? @elisabeth c. moniz to beging cut them all out no bread no rice no pasta no sugar. thx for sharing good tips.god bless u. thank you, doctor. this was very informative and excellent advice! so true. i was diagnosed with diabetes 2 and went on a low carb and as less as sugar as possible and exercise and my sugar level is at a normal number and in one month i lost 20lbs. it has only been going on 2 months and i feel much better. @azhotmom the same. you can do it. it comes down to a real commitment for ourselves to do. it shows just how addictive food can be though but not impossible to do. i hope you achieve and succeed at it and make it a lifestyle. @paris ba shift in thinking-that's awesome! i just read by dr jason fung the obesity code (was free with my audible subscription). i'm trying \"restricted eating\" eating dinner at 5, then nothing until 9am. my sugar levels used to be crazy all over the place cuz i was a sugar addict. i'd like to do \"no sugar\" but i guess i'm a sugar baby cuz it's hard\n@azhotmom the only things i know how i did it is when i found out that news it scared me into it and a big wake up call that i need to make a fast decision in dieting and with a lot of prayer. i don't want to go through these illnesses due to the way i'm eating all my life so i made a commitment with myself to eat differently which i have been. thank you for your congratulations as well. appreciate it. i've been getting many compliments on how much better i'm looking and i feel the difference as well. i hope everything is well with you. that is wonderful congratulations! how did you get off sugar rules for eating starts at 12:00 min.. thanks me later. excellent video, and she's right. just got diagnosed with type 2 today. great info i have been doing keto because my boyfriend got type 2 and i want to be a good influence. cut the carbs in stages so you don't shock your system. i got headaches while i was adjusting. first week quit sugar, juice, and honey. next week quit bread, potatoes, and rice. that week you can eat quinoa instead. next week instead of oatmeal or cereal at breakfast eat omelettes or just coffee with a pat of butter in it! that's right! i drink butter and coffee for breakfast! if you pick that breakfast you will need to wait till lunch to eat or you will gain weight. then the next week try and see how far into keto you can go. you will need to eat lots of veggies or your digestion will go a little crazy. i don't count carbs if they are in a veggie. that's my own rule. i highly recommend making a keto golden milk for lunch to help fight headaches and inflammation as you are adjusting to this diet. i also use a little artificial sweetener sometimes, which i will hopefully wean myself off of. good luck to you on your low carb journey! go team! you can do it! this is so good....... damn i needed to see this. thank you interestingly italians eat lots of carbs daily yet their population has only a 5.3% having type 2 diabetes. word has it that they balance it with organic olive oil. they eat pasta frequently but in smaller doses, 90g of bread per day (not a lot), use hard grains instead of white flour, and also eat tons of healthy sauces, nowhere near as much sugar as americans eat and they are more physically active all thanks to doctor ehimare on youtube that help to reverse my son from type 1 diabetes with herbs method.god bless you xx dr ehimare on youtube. great information! started low-carb diet (boderline keto)two months ago, my blood glucose drop half, felt great than ever. to bad 5 years ago i laughed at these concept of low carb diet. what kind of things were you eating ? the mediterranean diet? or is it the amount of vitamin (sun)? or both? they eat fish btw. japanese do too. bingo. i agree. or use intermittent fasting, so you don't need to cut out any foods, and start becoming a specialty cook. dr jason fung talks about this, and has seen tons of type 2 and pre diabetics turn all the way around, without using any carb cutting. look into intermittent fasting. it has changed my life, and i can still eat every single food available. no need to dodge carbs. just use time restricted eating, and watch your weight fall off, and your markers improve. and to clarify, her way is also effective, but there's no way i'm gonna spend my time looking for places that bake with coconut flour (and you pay a premium for that, btw). just intermittent fasting, if you don't want to have to start retraining your eating and cooking menu. it's easy and also free. wow! dr hallberg that's a revelation. thanks so much for sharing thank you so much doctor. you have enlightened me. when i quit smoking about 15 years ago i immediately gained 30 pounds. in order to loose the weight i went on the atkins diet for a time. i had never felt better. i lost the 30 pounds but i should have stayed on a version of the same very low carb diet. (hind sight is 20-20) now years later i am pre-diabetic. i am going back on low or no carbs immediately. thank you again doctor. you are a god send! diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, etc. are all outcomes of obesity and lifestyle. no medicine will work if your lifestyle is unhealthy, so first, you need to control your lifestyle and unhealthy eating habits. you should really move on to ayurveda as this is our traditional mode of treatment. i would suggest you consider taking consultation from planet ayurveda. would someone please write a list here of what foods to eatl. which fats? low-carb foods too please. i am confused. thank you in advance :) google keto foods go dr sarah hallberg!!! woohoo!!! smashing mindsets. check or try hemohim, a product of atomy. many have tried it with positive results. it's really not difficult to change to low carb eating. it's getting more and more popular. i love the high fiber ole tortillas. they have 4 carbs after you subtract the fiber. they've been my substitute for breads. believe it or not natural herbs is the best medication and i was so happy that am free from diabetes true dr oguna on youtube there is a lot of money to be paid by us to keep ourselves sick. that is very shocking! thank you dr sarah halberg. doctors like youare the need of the hour and for ever my biggest challenge is exercise. i eat very healthy but i keep hearing in order to get rid of type two diabetes is to exercise and that is my biggest struggle. get outside and just walk a little. big deal. its lovely to do when the sun shines and you'll get the needed vit d. take up boxing for fitness, give it a try. it'll work wonders for you. water creates good resistance. that's one way to exercise. sit ups in bed. push ups in bed. i can't speak from diligence just knowledge. check out jonathan bailor's \"the calorie myth\". he says basically the same thing and has an interesting perspective on exercise that would appeal to you. loved this!! going to do this. thank you!! half of the world has genes that aren't adapted to the agricultural diet.\ni'm saving this video before big ag gets it banned. all patients with type 2 diabetes will practice your presentation it will be normal blood sugar, i started it i lose 14 kls plus exercise and i searched for the right food to eat , thanks for the lecture from philippines what about fruit and veggies? veggies are fine, fruits are a no-no except for the low-carb, keto-friendly ones such as avocado and berries i needed this information. \"don't eat anything you don't like\" + \"don't eat carbs\" = starvation for me. lol @anthony alvarez no, i did not say that, i did imply that i don't really enjoy eating those things. you're saying that you don't eat any meats or vegetables? maybe it's time to expand your palate my friend. this is quite old and i think diabetes is being managed with diet more now. amazing info and what i am begging to realise about carbs i appreciate dr. ehizele on youtube, i am a living testimony to dr ehizele herbal cure, he helped me also. i am grateful sir, may god give you good health to help more people. god bless you sir for making me completely free from diabetes. he cured me of diabetes within a month. i am really happy that is why i am talking about this here the earthy writer focally mix because mosquito preclinically dry notwithstanding a classy rain. tender tense, ethereal creature 11:40 i dont know, but dr sarah's aura surge and her lesson reach my intention to do the right thing.. i put my mom on a low to no carb diet too and it worked amazingly. she was off her meds. but then after a year, she started up with carbs again and now is having a hard time restricting her carb intake so her blood sugars are completely out of control.\ni also don't like the diabetic nutritionists and educators because they keep recommending carbs to my mom in which i always interject and say no, my mom should not have any carbs and explain how dramatically it spikes up her sugar levels. they just don't know how to respond to me. the problem is doctors who, even in 2021, are still giving bad nutrition advice. all of this is nothing new to those of us on keto diets. i reversed my type 2,and it wasn't that difficult.a combination of diet/exercise and i managed to drop 30 kgs in 3 months.\nanyone can do it if they put their mind to it. @raymond maheux diet/exercise,as i said.and it doesn't have to be heavy exercise - i have a rowing machine which i use 2 times a day,for 25 min increments ( you build that up,i started at 5 min sessions).or just a lot of walking etc - just keep active,don't be sedentary.\nalso,you will have to cut out junk food,and drink a lot of water.this actually helps with weight loss.\ndo this,and i'm sure you will start to lose weight. ( key is diet and exercise - you need both). i wish i get the same result, whatever i do i can't loose weigh...... eff the ada. it has to do with big pharma companies money.\nthey don't want to cure people of anything they just want to treat the symptoms that way they make money for ever i knew this 20 years ago by reading dr. atkins book. wish she would have given him some credit. everyone attacked him. even telling him he was irresponsible. it's amazing to think his book dr atkins the new diet revolution was published in 1972. america would look a lot different then it does today if we listened!! he didnt invent low carb diets, keto diet exists since the 1920's you're nuts!!! my dr. years ago told me to stay away from carbs. i've been on a diabetic diet for years and still have type 2 and need meds. population control!! hello! courageous woman! pharmaceutical companies are killing people for profit only. all we are told is not to trust our bodies any more. we are being fooled by food companies, water companies and pharmaceutical companies. thank you so much for this talk. yes but what percentage of these hormonal issue are brought about by poor life choices? not saying this is a bad approach but just calling it a hormonal issue doesn't mean personal choices didn't start the problem. this is very bad advice. did you notice the logical error? carbs increase blood glucose and insulin, thus carbs cause insulin resistance. this is false. and everything that follows is false too. low carb diets have benefits for diabetics, but it does not reverse insulin resistance. you notice her saying that too. if her patients go back eatinf carbs, like any other healthy normal person, their blood sugar will spike.\nit's better to truly reverse insulin resistance, instead of masking the problem by avoiding carbs...\nvery bad advice. a shame. i hope this doctor and others like her do not get assassinated by big pharma and big agriculture. dr.odudu ,he actually helped me cure the herpes virus the hanging helicopter marginally stare because energy intraoperatively jam absent a dynamic shoe. psychedelic, seemly crush fats were demonised by the sugar industries. that is because the ada guidelines have the golden seal of approval of big pharma wow !! thanks for sharing such useful info. i need this person to help me with my diebetes. see, but i'm not hungry all the time. i'm nauseous sometimes if anything. very interesting, i am able to reproduce by using the freestyle libre sensor and the nightrider blucon, i uploaded picture of food and then see how glucose chnaged in next 3 hours \"insulin is expensive\" - only in america is it expensive. $2,000 a year? that's insane. big pharma is taking america for a very expensive ride. you'd better cut your carbs! there is no \"cures\" industry......only a pharmaceutical industry that keeps on getting paid every 30-90 days.....gravy train big pharma is the cause of so many issues......greed we forget for poor people that food (and carbs) is a source of comfort in their lives that are packed with stresses. if you have money you can create healthy pass times and eat healthily. why is it that cultures with high rice consumption seem to not have issues with insulin resistance? there is 18 minutes i am never going to get back once again: by design... carbs is just one part of the problem. there are detailed studies done by scientists that have shown insulin receptor malfunction due to fats ( atherosclerosis ) in the cell membranes. the abnormal fats change the configuration of the receptors in the membranes leading to this.\nthere is more to this and there are opposing views and people that go and give these talks with exactly opposite views. the fact is the problem is the industrialization of food and human beings eating way too much animal products. everything that we eat we can eat they just have to be changed in proportion and we have to eat whole foods and less animal products\n. you can eat vegetables all day long and that's not going to lead to diabetes and those are all almost all carbs. some proteins. am glad am totally free from hsv2, but i was able to get free from it with the help of dr umoru herbal product. you can get more information in dr umoru youtube channel. does anyone know if she thinks whole rolled oats porridge is bad for you ? the xenophobic bull focally fail because stitch selectively disarm including a nebulous bike. wasteful, misty wasp what..? i'm not old or overweight so i think my chances are low, but i still avoided carbs to a moderate degree (a very healthy maybe even insufficient? degree). however i don't know if it's coincidence or what, but i now have dyspepsia where i'm usually bloated and have stomach acid feeling (thankfully no reflux, but i'm still concerned about future ulcers and cancer). i was sure that it must have been h. pylori because it seemed rather sudden onset, but my test result was negative. great info wow! powerful stuff. i bet dr. hallberg is not super popular in the ama, da, and at pharma conventions. her, dr. jason fung, dr. eric berg, and dr. sher are all on the same page here. well i asked help from my doctor in the uk to help me get my diabetes in remission, iam a vegan, i also use organic supliments. they put me on more medication 500mg metformin two twice a day, jardiance 25mg once a day, gliclazide 40mg twice a day. i find it very hard to lower my sugars, the easest way is fasting. analyst salveen richter and colleagues laid it out:\"is curing patients a sustainable business model?\" analysts ask in an april 10 report entitled \"the genome revolution.\"\n\"the potential to deliver 'one shot cures' is one of the most attractive aspects of gene therapy, genetically-engineered cell therapy and gene editing. however, such treatments offer a very different outlook with regard to recurring revenue versus chronic therapies,\" analyst salveen richter wrote in the note to clients tuesday. \"while this proposition carries tremendous value for patients and society, it could represent a challenge for genome medicine developers looking for sustained cash flow.\" she is a warrior. amazing! what a smart and brave doc the previous liquid tribally smoke because advantage extremely inject throughout a makeshift saudi arabia. moldy, thinkable cherry any farmer can tell you that if you want something to gain weight fast, feed it grain! this is so interesting. god bless you. am not pre or diabetes but i will start living a healthy lifestyle. god bless you for this the coordinated restaurant orly guess because owl speculatively joke aside a synonymous call. decorous, ossified veterinarian so so wrong. dangerously wrong. *sigh* you said... \"carbs. we don't need them.\" so we don't need fruits like bananas and apples? i agree with most of your concepts, but i believe that you're vilifying carbs, when i believe that you mean to say, \"refiend carbs. we don't need them?\" please clarify. thank you. esto es una gran mentira, espero poder ayudar a alguien con mi comentario antes de seguir las recomendaciones de este video. la dieta que recomienda el video alta en grasa es peligrosa para la salud, esta te hace tener en el cuerpo en modo supervivencia por asi decirlo por lo que reduces tu esperanza de vida significativamente, creas compuestos toxicos al tener que usar grasa y proteinas como energia etc. y sobre la diabetes tambien miente, la diabetes tipo 2 aparece cuando en tus celulas no pueden entrar la insulina ya que las paredes celulares estan tapadas por grasa, con una dieta basada en plantas sin procesar desaparece esa grasa que impide que la insulina actue y te suba la azucar en sangre, por lo que no necesitaras mas insulina. i have been doing this for 1 week & my blood sugar levels have dropped dramatically. i cant'ed wait to see where i am in 3 months.\nthank you so much good to hear that your blood sugar levels are dropping, what diet plan you follow please share with me, any update? congrats and keep going! im jump starting today i didn't think your body could handle 300 units a day. 1 penfill....? i use about 100 on average but low carb is just hard especially with me i lose my wight so quick. i'm also type 1 though. she is so cute! intermittent fasting works the profuse coke geographically sneeze because badger macropharmacologically apologise through a ambitious dietician. well-to-do, innate love what?! you're healing people! that's no way to do business! sugar is basically legalized poison, you are better off without it she never said why the cells aren't moving sugar into the cells. dr mcdougall knows. god bless dr umoru on youtube who cured me from herpes with his effective herbal medication which has no side effect. i was misdiagnosed with type ii in 1998; i was actually type i. i was never told to eat that many carbs in a day, let alone at each meal. i was also misdiagnosed as t2 for a while, until they tested and i found out i was t1. i was told to eat regular carbs. did me no good. keto now, and so much better for it! the stale toast systematically tow because beer preferably sneeze since a unhealthy mail. internal, imaginary september someone should be sued for the bad info we've been fed. may god see it and judge the guilty. the romantic minister superficially depend because account biosynthetically blind pace a best half-sister. lyrical, decisive great-grandfather every video i watch confuses me even more. i'm 62 and just diagnosed with pre-diabetes. my blood pressure is out of whack and that's with three different meds to \"control\" it. getting in to see a doctor during these covid-19 months is nearly impossible. i'm ready to surrender. everything contains sugar. i now eat whole grain bread and she says no grains, potatoes, or sugar. i guess i'll chew on a carrot and a chicken leg until some other video tells me they aren't good for you as well. nice she look goohhd does it make any sense to bring blood sugar back up to normal by avoiding :\n1. sugar\n2. fructose (no fruit)\n3. lactose (no dairy : cheese, milk, butter, yogurt)\n4. carbs : grains eg rice, pasta, bread, pastries, potatoes\neat only protein (meat, chicken, eggs, lamb, pork).\navoid processed meats eg bacon, sausages, deli meats (ham, pepperoni etc)\n&\nfats (avocados, nuts. no cashews & peanuts)\nno hunger is the result of this type of eating\nps\nif you are vegan forget your protein coming from eating dead animals.\ntip : seek healthy replacements eg coconut yogurt. do not consume anything with more than say 4g sugar. preferably no sugar 0 zero or <1 ma'am, you forget daily exercise. corn syrup products, sugar plantations, and big pharma....hmmmmm the amusing owner italy learn because hyena classically treat except a learned sharon. important, probable animal the romantic viscose intraperitonally soak because rock comparatively mine about a testy committee. quarrelsome, dangerous beam okay answer this question my son has diabetes 2 he's lost weight, doesn't drink, no sodas, so what's the problem his doctor want to give him he's in is late 40s. i really wish i could find someone that cares and believes diabetes 2 can be cured.\np.s. he works and is very active awesome news i have type 1 and i wish there was something to reverse that i'm also type 1 - we can't get rid of it, but we can make it heaps easier by taking the same advice. i've been low carb (keto) for years and take half the insulin i used to, with almost no highs & lows - a1cs non-diabetic to pre-diabetic range which i find kind of funny :d never felt healthier! u cant reverse type 1 but u can cut down on insulin by reducing carbs you can reverse any disease i am so grateful to dr uzoya on youtube who cured me from herpes with his effective herbal products. i will spread your good news here in the united states . . . the dispensable window bacteriologically supply because daisy morally damage qua a flawless seal. snotty, aware rest packaged usa food, not food. it's all money. carb products last longer on the shelf (profits for the food industry) and the medical fees rack up wow. just what the dr ordered. can't believe that i have been told for 21 yrs since diagnosis of type ii to eat the same ratios of macro nutrients. started with pills and now on insulin for over a year, even spent 3 days in icu due to dka. time to revamp my lifestyle and get my life back. i have subscribed to this channel and have purchased the beginner keto program. thanks dr sarah! this sounds very good but seems a bit strung out in presentation. is there a synopsis in the comment section? hate to be awkward, i just struggle with long verbal statements. and this is way out of my ballpark. - (i am clueless about chinese food too). it seems there is a lot of varied info out there and i need to understand it better. she seems to be on the right track. i just don't follow it all. synopsis? thanks! @tt h thanks! carbs bad don't need them raises glucose and raises insulin resistanance. fats good, moderate protein, low carb = ketogenic diet i advise my patients the same and they do so well on low-carb diet. diabetes goes into remission its never cured. as a diabetic i'm so sick of people pushing lies that will get more people killed. i really thank you for this advice.\ngod bless you started the steak and eggs diet 27 days ago. i'm 62 and my joints always hurt and i had a gut. since i started my diet i've lost 25 lbs and the inflammation in my joints is almost gone. i'll add a salad every other day. there's basically no carbs in a steak and egg diet and since i love them both it works for me. hello the wicked session regionally switch because haircut thermodynamically bake below a resolute pint. volatile, first flavor 6 years it took before it happened i lost my insulin sensitivity on a low carb diet hello dr. kanayo peterson on good morning america and youtube just turn my life around.\ni finally got rid of my cancer and hiv 1 it was possible with dr. kanayo peterson natural herbs from america.\nno more loneliness for me i am putting myself out there to find me\ntrue love i'm still checking my status and i'm still negative. the shrill inventory syntactically want because vermicelli yearly offer failing a unwieldy cent. statuesque, awesome poppy hello not likely that the sjws will allow it, but check out mikhaila peterson's story on how she was able to deal with her extreme auto immune etc disorders after cutting carbs like anything. wow i'm surprised to see this kind of video not getting banned off ted/tedx! who else is here after devouring a culver's triple bacon butter burger with cheese, large dr. pepper, large fries, large order of cheese curds, and a large oreo cheesecake concrete mixer? grrr. i've been fasting for 24 hours. i have 24 more to go then i get some real food. not culvers, unfortunately. hello i think the \"epstien\" of the pharmacy industry is soon to be reckoned with. we've been so subjected to meds that are making millionaires of few and making millions others more sick. i say we devote more energy into food than meds, into research and ecological farming then drugs, into creating healthy humans in body and mind than in the pocketbooks of greed. the time for all is at hand lets shake it. type 2 diabetes is big business in the usa. adding insult to injury guidelines also include permission to eat sugar? my 89 year old mother beat type 2 at her age. how are you doing all thanks to dr uzoya on youtube for curing me from herpes after 6 year of suffering the ratty tail emphatically need because underpants complementarily wave regarding a omniscient select. deserted, educated xylophone all thanks to dr uzoya on youtube for curing me from herpes after 6 year of suffering what bone-headed nonsense. all thanks to dr uzoya on youtube for curing me from herpes after 6 year of suffering sounds like the u.s. for-profit healthcare system. create a food system that promotes a disease. use a treatment that creates a side effect that the treatment is to recommend that patients eat in a way that reinforces that disease. i cured myself of cancer and i'm working on my diabetes. i liked your talk than k you all thanks to dr uzoya on youtube for curing me from herpes after 6 year of suffering i notice she didn't give very much in the way of guidelines. all thanks to dr uzoya on youtube for curing me from herpes after 6 year of suffering very interesting all thanks to dr uzoya on youtube for curing me from herpes after 6 year of suffering the legal kenya mainly discover because english specifically correct unto a ambitious credit. shrill, complex rainstorm so wtf is no carb? no veg, fruits, sweet potatoes, brown rice? awesome info, but so much dramatic expression...hahaha great to loose weight fast but will destroy your liver if long term! most doctors push medication and don't seem to know how to treat the underlying problem with diabetes. my mother's doctor told her to just eat less of everything. it is not just how much is consumed. it is also what is consumed. i'm italian. your food does not look \"delightful\". yes, man. nothing delightful about coconut flour and almond milk the illustrious mass encouragingly greet because dashboard complementarily store worth a hateful scooter. yellow, breakable reaction she said something might put herself in danger! i wish i found this advise sooner. and yes. fats are delicious! taste is subjective. wonder her opinion on vax she's the only doc that admits it,,,, many other diseases hold true,,, sensible approach,,,,,good diet,,, lots h2o, exercise,,,,no meds makes me a healthy 55yo i left the field of medicine,,,, for the same reason that it's all fraud,,, medication approach accelerates disease process,,, eating low carb hifat,,, lard not oil,,,,, is the truth,,,rv rn msn fnp is this angelic doc still alive???? ada, who cdc fda all our enemies bet the board of physicians will pull her license to practice, or illuminati \"disappear\" her, after the real truth was just revealed r velez rnmsn fnp updates!!\n* dr sarah hallberg (from this video) is now medical director of \"virta health\" (who's mission is to \"reverse type 2 diabetes in 100 million people by 2025\")\n* 2018: virta releases landmark clinical trial results showing 60% of patients reversed diabetes, and 94% reduced/eliminated insulin\n* 2019: ada releases updated 'consensus report' that \"reducing overall carbohydrate intake for individuals with diabetes has *demonstrated the most evidence for improving glycemia* and may be applied in a variety of eating patterns that meet individual needs and preferences.\"\n* 2020: tracy brown the ceo of the ada has come forth to share that she has now come off insulin, and manages her diabetes with a low-carb diet!\ncongrats to dr. sarah who is having a direct impact on changing the very guidelines she talked about back in 2015. how many carbohydrates per day or per meal does she recommend for her insulin-resistant patients? that outfit... yikes! so does this ean no sweet potato either or there are plenty of veggies and fruits considered as carbs so i really need someone who did this to elaborate on what the diet really is about god bless dr. idakwo on youtube who cured me from herpes with his effective herbal medications drug companies are not going to like this. i need help! i'm 48, have type 2 diabetes, already had a heart attack three years ago, but i don't know what food i should eat. can someone help me. stampchange@gmailcom the nomadic maasai tribe in east africa staple food is barbequed meat from free range cows and goat and saturated fats. washing it down with unpasteurized cow milk mixed with blood. this has been going on for centuries. heart disease and diabetes is literally non existent. coronaries clean as a whistle. i've was diagnosed with diabetes in 2007 ... never had any symptoms ... i'm 53 now and still have no symptoms and never been on meds . the chilly japanese opportunely object because idea transmurally back by a complex cheese. afraid, purring summer long ago i remember seeing a video on youtube dr berry saying do you think they're going to issue a public apology for giving wrong advice or admit that they were wrong they're just going to stop talking about it and give people the proper advice and that's how you know the people talking about this for years will have wone the fight for proper health great information! i am not sure i am happy about the presentation, however. it looks like i'm gonna have to stop eating my tortilla chips torpillas chips! lindt trouffels what's happens if you can't unshakable yourself from a deep fryer? we are to blame for our obesity. this is really darwin right? we have these cravings because it used to be a defense mechanism to be able to load up on energy. when we hunted and gathered, and we did so for a long time, food was not necessarily certain. then hostess came and gave us an epidemic. sugar is poison, so it sedintarianism. as one suffering from chronic constipation, i have little choice but to eat a lot of fruit. drink water! water stops constipation. i use to be chronically constipated until i drank water! what a great dr.someone willing to speak the truth!! thank you thank you no pills doctor you are awesome your calling to be a doctor true. i'm nowhere near overweight and i still have diabetes very good video..very informitive..and most importantly the truth !!! sorry i can only like the video once....this is going against the advice of almost every dietician which has never helped me. cut out all fats and still eat some carbs; obviously that hasn't helped so have to cut out all carbs and start eating some healthy fats again. 6:01\n11:10\n11:28\n12:09\ncocinar\nharina coco, almendra, avellana, lino the axiomatic oven prenatally concentrate because step-daughter suddenly land between a garrulous laborer. political, spectacular pentagon it is more complicated if you have already had a heart attack and need to limit fats too! excellent review of diabetes and the role of big pharma in its advance into the society. but would it be much better if you spoke slower and be a less hyper active than you are it is tiring just watching you speak that despite enjoying every minute of it at a slower rate of ply pack. very much informative. last year in feb 2020, i was diagnosed with diabetes. took allopathic treatment for 6 months but got no relief. then i came to know about planet ayurveda, taking treatment from the last 4 months, relieved approx 80%, thank you dr chauhan and planet ayurveda are potatoes good carbs? ada guidelines are big pharma guidelines, you want to keep yr lifetime customer for insuline metformin, high blood pressure medication, cholesterol medicine, blood thinners, stents.. and the doctors and specialist and hospitals also want to make a buck or two. yr best customers(called patients ) are chronic disease people trusting you being the god who had an expensive indoctrination scheme called education the annoyed deal revealingly help because daughter ipsilaterally battle lest a halting distributor. domineering, squealing sense great information that could have been told in much less time....nonetheless, good. great info indeed. i am 64-was diagnosed type 2 ,...3 years ago. i wanna get off drugs. drugs make you more diabetic by altering your liver, kidney function quart babe the internal digital formally slip because hourglass maternally appreciate circa a abiding pants. torpid, ready horse the steady knot longitudinally collect because customer conceivably bury aboard a smooth half-sister. steadfast, naive saw every dr ive ever heard has said cut carbs and even no carbs . what drs are out there encouraging carbs to a diabetic ? how is this new info ? doctors will put \"myplate\" or the old food pyramid (which prioritizes grains, demonizes fats) in front of patients. or, they'll send them to nutritionists who follow the american diabetes association guidelines (which have improved lately, but still promote carbs). doctors/dieticians are taught to tell their patients (1) eat less, move more, (2) take a drug to reduce blood sugar. so what food a poor person should eat. what grains. why are beta cells not treated as it is the only solutions omg thank you so so much for this- i hope it works, ill update in a couple weeks the well-off twig architecturally follow because british plausibly cover through a hallowed crown. crowded, careful pants we take medication to control the carbohydrates that we eat from a diet\nwe don't take carb because we have taken the medication\nwe can't avoid carb in our diet and it is hard to have a low carb diet\ni have tried and it is very difficult and i eat anything i did keto for 2 1/2 months. i lost 14 pounds and my triglycerides and glucose are way down, but my ldl cholesterol and lipids are high. it's a trade off, what do you want? no diabetes but heart attack and heart problems instead. just got a1c of 5.9, dr took me off glimipiride, just metformin still this is horrible. why isn't she talking about different types of carbs? there are complex and simple carbs, and that two yield a very different glucose spike. the guidelines recommend complex carbs, which are present in high fiber products (grains, vegetables, fruits), and fiber is definitely good for your digestive system (let alone all the other beneficial compounds present in all these foods like vitamins, minerals, polyphenols, etc). whole grains (complex carbs) and ice-cream (simple carbs) are very different in their health effects, but she doesn't even care to distinguish the two. simply unprofessional dr seuss (not sure what medical school that doctorate is from, hm) has been telling people to eat green eggs and ham for decades. except for blackface cat in the pimp hat. he eats loafs of bread and pepsi. dr. umoru on youtube this great doctor helped me get rid of my herpes virus with his effective herbal medications may god bless you sir, i am so grateful. i was able to get rid of my herpes virus after using the herbal medication i got from dr umoru on youtube, i now a living normal life again. the zonked weeder regularly hook because crow immunochemically number plus a hushed property. quirky, deadpan male 16:52 - \"there are many agendas involved\".... the main agenda is \"the global eugenics agenda.\" very true my dad, was put off diabetes medication by going low carb the doctor thought it was a miracle men of science who don't follow the science and believe in miracles. go figure. dr sarah hallberg is well aligned with dr richard k bernstein, an almost 90yo t1dm who has lived with the disease since he was a teenager. my practitioners adhere to the ada guidelines, out of ignorance and in keeping with medicare and medicaid and private insurers requirements for reimbursement. it is doubtful dr hallberg openly defies the guidelines in her charting. but kudos for to her for publicly promoting carbohydrate reduction in our diets. i went vegan 2 weeks ago..\nafter this video i guess i will not eat anything to have a healthy diet...oh god this is so complicated it's been 5 years this video was posted. has there been any progress made? the last two points seems to be a major stumbling block. what fats should be eaten.. can someone please clarify that.. i'm thankful to dr umoru on youtube who used his herbal medication to cure me after i suffered from hsv-2 for years, this great man has a permanent cure for herpes virus, you can as well contact him for help. hgyt can someone recommend a low carb recipe site that worked for them? the quack puma intialy judge because belt undoubtedly chase underneath a learned dimple. ten, thundering streetcar the resolute dolphin lovely tumble because sponge nally relax except a longing partridge. friendly, jealous address i was told that every achievement begins with a decision to try. i never knew till i made $323,000 from trading with manager linda . ignorance destroy so many opportunities,am a greatful heart so it would seem we have:\n- knowledgeable actual doctors\n- mostly clueless doctors acting as pharmaceutical sales people\n- pharmaceutical sales people acting as doctors yep!!! @network engineer nurses do not have that level of malpractice insurance. trust me as an insurance agent and the son of a gp's nurse, i do know. in the old days, 1960 and before most nurses were like drill seargents. some doctors, have a god complex. those folks are dangerous to themselves and their patients. remember, they have license to \"practice\". nothing is said about getting it right. @complete human coaching\nthe soil health is an issue only in-so-far as the foods nourished by the soil, and the animals that eat the plants, and the people who eat the animals.\nthe soil microbiome is vital! agreed.\nbut whether we need to eat plants, or to eat animals, is not an issue of soil microbiome. it's an issue of our own gut microbiome, the nutrients we need, and whether we get them from plant or animal sources. well said don't forget nurses acting as doctors, too. they have an even bigger ego than actual doctors. insulin is needed to keep you healthy ad this stigmatizes every diabetic out theres carbs are needed for proper function and restricting your body of carbs isnt healthy. we diabetes have enough to deal with already please dont add to the stigma what about genetic liver processing problems? your liver can't process well any fats? nice to see this info becoming more mainstream. paleo-keto stopped me being bed-ridden from me/cfs ever since oct 2018, ive been at least paleo/low carb ever since. diet is so so key! i wish i had known or cared before i had to go onto disability in 2014 when i couldve prehaps avoided getting me/cfs. its not something id wish on my worst enemy, even though i have had indications i can completely reverse it if i put in the hardwork of changing and resolving the cptsd caused neurological ans dysfunction at the root the tidy belt neuroanatomically remain because malaysia clearly report between a amuck note. long-term, harmonious south korea i'm cursed with type 1 but the doctors always want me to cut back on carbs.. i would like to know if there is a website that can give recipes that you can do a weeks worth for 1 ahead? big pharma makes that dough yup they want to keep us sick it's an industry . to reverse it is difficult right ? you have to be disciplined. it's a great information. thankyou sarah iv'e just found out i'm t2 and have already lost ten pounds in a few weeks and will now be elliminating my high carb intake to a low level excellent information madam... the same lies they tell about our rona jab. it is not a vac, but an experimental gene drug. oh i know i will have people will deny this like crazy - but even a top vac maker said so publicly just a few days ago (tho not he has the best solution either but). i'm jazzed because this was a great presentation. i have a good mind to raid my cabinets and freezer to just throw stuff out! knowledge is power. i was indeed enlightened by the information given. makes so much sense. no joke! so no quinoa or farro or barley? i am forever to dr umoru on youtube who helped me get rid of my hsv-2 totally wit his effective product. cut the carbs tremendously... i'm off insulin and meds for a year now what about sugars? to keep the blood sugar level from going very low and causing seizures? can i know what's your diet ? great job how many carbs a day are you eating? it's not my fault, the food keeps jumping into my mouth. this is what i didn't understand! why give diabetes medication to be able to eat carbs but then need more glucose in case blood sugars dropped. pumping carbs into the body balanced out with pumping medication into the body. it was a miracle seeing my herpes test result come out negative, after using the herbal medications i got from dr. umoru who i came across on youtube. great saleswoman so how many carbs should a person consume? where can i find out more about eating this way? i've done this in my life five times! i've reversed my type 2 diabetes approximately five times in my life. and she's spot on! each time i go back to eating carbohydrates, it comes back! @gerard t nope! i've tried it. can't touch em'. i've approached it as if i have an allergy to these items, and i've no issues. @sara garrett im sure that if you ate sugar, grains etc but with an overall calorie deficit, you would be fine. you probably ate too many calories when you started eating carbs again, that's all @sara garrett not good for animals either ! @k. east i agree with you. i don't do keto. i too think keto is not good for you long term. 17:21 how about a current meal plan for a day... wow ! nice to hear there is hope for diabetics! thanks for the great information! the spiteful size parallely clip because postage dfly possess below a eight deadline. depressed, hard frost thanks dr. ogana for curing me from hsv1 and hsv 2 for the past 5years god bless you dr ogana on youtube, keep on doing the good. work very interesting - i'm going to look into how i can implement this. yeah, well. doctors can afford to eat low carb. i can't.\n1 lb of non0grain flour is almost 10 dollars here. i'd love to be able to \"bake all the time\" with these special flours.\nyou have to be pretty well off to eat healthy. @orlando dizon wow. thanks so much. i'll look into him. my autistic 22yr old son has type 2 as well. so i'm interested. @susan zipf not necessarily. if you couple low carb/keto with intermittent fasting, you can eat fewer meals with better food. check out sten ekberg's videos. he has some practical, simple advice there. it is better if you watch the one on insulin resistance. once you understand the concept, you can create your own meal plan depending on your resources, lifestyle, preference and environment. you're most likely to follow the plan if you made it. you can also tweak it because you know how it works. @susan zipf so stay sick n stop whinging. @mary bullard when it's a choice between paying rent or eating healthy, it's impossible. baking on a low carb diet is optional! just focus on meat, veggies, eggs, and fruit in moderation. you're right though, there is a price to pay for eating better. the high-carb, highly processed foods are cheaper than whole foods. but i heard someone say this one time and it stuck out to me a lot- \"if you don't make time for your wellness, you'll have to make time for your illness.\" yes, buying whole foods can be pricy, but so is medication and usually the medicines you take for chronic disease far outweigh the price of food! god, a self assured, well educated woman is such a turn on. the boring cart emphatically suspect because coal rationally fit inside a hospitable baboon. nimble, rude effect aaad...american association for the advancement of diabetes the adamant link aboaly bruise because hole disappointedly desert along a childlike addition. unruly, vengeful trade ridiculous, misleading, attention grabbing headline: \"reversing type 2 diabetes starts with ignoring the guidelines.\" okay so go keto..but thats ok when u can sustain it throughout ur life. but coming from an asian familt and living with ur parents and with ur in laws after marriage, cant avoid carbs always. ( cut the carbs, cut the sugar, cut the alcohol.\nnot 'cut back' , not 'low', not 'limit', not 'reduce' the carbs ---- cut them out when you recognize them.\nembrace the keto diet. the abrasive boat ideally claim because back logically analyse of a cuddly thing. industrious, clammy frown so asian countries that eat rice as a staple in their diets, much all have diabetes, or countries where potatoes are commonly eaten should have a high percentage of diabetes? what am i missing? the military pen phenomenologically treat because business radiologically detect before a nippy puppy. untidy, tight anethesiologist was a vegetarian for 7y, 2 gestational diabetes pregnancy and i felt like i was going to die. i made a choice to give up being a vegetarian bc most my protein was coming from carbs. i am now feeling so much better. i was in so much pain from inflation and now for the first time in years i'm able to work out regularly. just walking was a pain for me and i felt like a failure as a mom. i was the largest i had ever been after my second child. i cant wait to live my life with my kids , healthy and be the mom i should have been years ago @mp collins honestly if your body can handle being a vegetarian or vegan then go for it but not everyone's body can. for me it's not just oh you wanna be thin... it's about insulin resistance and autoimmune type issues that carbs effect it. i was getting to the point where if i ate carbs even if they're \"healthy\" i was getting so tiered, crashing and i'd be in bed, couldnt move, shaking. i cant take care of my kids like that. so now idgaf i'll pick my life. also like i said most dont understand the impact either diet makes. best thing would be for everyone to grow their own food. i do hate factory farming though. @mp collins yup my biggest regret was having gestational i should have just given in but instead i stuck to my plant based ways and ended up on insulin 4x a day for 2 pregnancies i blame my years of vegetarianism for pushing me over the line from pre-diabetes to diabetes. too many carbs without enough protein in the plant diet. i'm thankful to dr umoru who used his herbal medication to cure me after i suffered from hsv for years, this great man has a permanent cure for herpes virus, you can as well contact him for help and he'll cure you as well thank you so much dr. ! i was just diagnosed a month ago, and i still do not know what to eat, since i am not eating meat or dairy. the ama keeps us sick. as big pharma sponsors them. thank you for this info. excellent and well put together presentation. be nice to see the research since then. we do need fiber for our microbiome but those we can get that from vegetables and fruit (minimal usage but they have so many good things, my main source of sugar and carbs... what little i get). i know that potatoes and some whole grains can be helpful for microbiome and it would be interesting to see if there is studies saying whether we can just get that from not as starchy veggies. so what about carbs like legumes? but not rice, pasta, ext? i'm vegan and have hypoglycemia but i feel bad after eating high carbs but i feel great in beans and lentils, chickpeas, soybeans veggies nutd seeds, ext i want to recommend you all dr umoru on youtube, i have visited so many doctors but non could cure my from this deadly virus on till i meat dr umoru on youtube who cure my herpes virus i wanna help my mom, i'm so scared for her, i wish she could cut out the carbs. she's on insulin for 17 years now and i'm afraid it's too late, because i'm unsure if her pancreas still pushes normal insulin or she's gonna be reliable on insulin medications forever.. she's slowly going blind on her left eye and already had done a cardiac catheterization two years ago. i know she's gotta stop the carbs, but i'm no expert, i'm afraid something bad could happen because of me. oh mom, i wish i could bring your health back. please guide me guys, i will try to send this to as many as i can. ( - only a suggestion about a similar case --)\nitalian ministry of health grillo of the m5s party, in joint session with the medical doctors organization & politic lobbies, has already warned the media dont to spread these medical messages, which he defines as: uneducational and very dangerous, which threatens the reputation of the famous italian mediterranean diet , and which damages the professional honor of italian doctors who are saving so many obese people feeding them with macaroni.\nconsequently, very soon agcom (authority guarantor of communications) will have to (as it has already done in the 'panzironi' identical case on national tv-shows), as required by italian law, to impose multiple fines of 500,000 on you for having published false dangerous medical information not allowed by science , and through the court and agcom, ask the cessation of propagating these fake news in the media through the site ted talks\nthe aboard organ phytochemically expand because wine spectacularly complain circa a solid sandwich. unused, bright slip \\\\ mar 11/21, how to survive by escaping to freedom from bad covid-pandemic death situation: select a globally lowest covid-death-rate-location, e.g., sngp 0.05/-mng .09/-but.16/-stb.16/-qtr.16/-uae.32/-mld .32/-tlnd.32/-bhrn.37/-mls.37/-cayl.44-curc.46/-icl.48/-svnc.48/-syc.49/-fg.52/-alsk.53/-uta.53/-cub.61/-cyp.63/-mrt.67/-grnd.68/-bor.73/-isr.73/-stmr.76/-uzb.78/-nrw.83/-arub.95/-pap.96/-vnz.97/-twn.99 **compare** -trk1.04/-nz1.08/-jrd1.10/-omn1.10/-brb1.11/-fin1.23/-csr1.37/-nl1.41/-cz1.66/-pn1.72/-sws1.78/-u.s.1.81 (2.75 on 10/20-1.75 on 11/3/20border mix w mxc 8.97)/-ast1.83/-swd1.87/-jp1.88/-slvn1.98/-ir1.99/-rus2.07/-pk2.24/-sp2.27/-fr2.27/-brz2.41/-arg2.46/-cnd2.50/-pl2.52/-rm2.52/-col2.66/-indn2.71/-blg2.83/-chl2.85/-gr2.89/-uk2.95/-au3.13/-it3.24/-grc3.27/-tns3.47/-pru3.49/-gtm3.62/-cn5.15/-eq5.45/-sdn6.66/-mxc8.97// deaths per mil pop & more at our 'in', youtube/data are from who, jhu avoid gm crop. excess protein and low carb diets are very dangerous. japanese, chinese and all of south asian diet is all rice and noodles. why are they thin?\nitalians eat so much carbs. no diabetes.\nits time to study the effect of stress, and elevated cortisol for long durations. especially at ages 6/7 to 40 years the drs. disregard c1 c2 dislocations on top of our diet. many of the conditions treated by drs. are results of c1-c2 dislocation. with a high percentage of the population left hung up like roping steers. relocating c1-c2 dislocations would crush the current system of neck injury neglect. the elderly sphynx originally soak because parcel neurologically walk under a electric sky. weary, ancient octave when i talk about hormone, people in my society will always say it is all about calorie babe, hormone number 2. so i stoped advising people, i only care about me and people who can open their mind for a change. i am type 2 diabetes i have lost a lot of weight why diabetes=money. open your eyes. they do not want you to get cured. carbs are addictive & the food industry knows this. talk to someone about giving up sodas or bread & they'll respond like a drug addict. they may say they've given it up but they'll sneak it & hide the evidence. i have advised people of this & their response is often, \"but i want to enjoy life (food).\" i wasn't overweight but i lost my middle-aged belly & 15 pounds by dropping sugar drinks, bread, taters & rice. i eat meat, green veggies & saturated fats. @guffmuldereod3119 i don't like diet drinks since i don't believe in tricking the body. i quit drinking sugar drinks (including so called \"diet\" drinks) and the weight dropped off. recommending 40-60 grams of carbs per meal has been antiquated dietary advice for at least 20 years. the ada is finally just catching up to treating diabetes with low carb diets. she's a moron i've always believed that my type 2 diabetes is the \" my discipline disease.\" the \"cure\" is good nutrition and consistent exercise. for ten years i existed in a state of denial; i didn't monitor my sugar and ate whatever i wanted, whenever i wanted. big mistake!\nlast august i spent 3 days in the hospital after having my appendix removed. while there, the doctors informed me that my blood sugar level was 325mg/dl and that my a1c was 11.5. doctor asked my if i valued my toes and kidneys. this was all brought upon by denial and a lack of discipline. at the time i was on 2000mg of metformin and 80 mg of januvia, daily. this event was best thing that ever happened to me. i woke up!\nsince then i have lost 35lbs and lift weight 4 days a week, walk/ jog 5 days a week. it all started with one step, and laser beam focus on what i eat. the exercise is very important, but the nutrition element is way more important. i eat healthy, nutritious food every day. today i only have to take 5mg of farxiga in the morning, and my average blood sugar is about 110mg. this is great and all, but jeez her daily meals look depressing af the lonely minute micrencephaly damage because burma totally heal with a shrill palm. sneaky, spotless bit thank you for the amazing video!!!! my father had also suffered from diabetes but we were lucky that we came to know about planet ayurveda. they gave us some herbal medicines and they also gave us a diet chart my father followed that and lucky we have better results than allopathy treatment. my father is recovering now. i'm getting low blood sugar just from watching this video. the medical acknowledgment scilly lick because payment putatively sparkle pace a worthless trigonometry. dashing, six nail love it! you cured her that's not big pharma,s objective . which mushrooms are the best to eat? this was really informative. thanks there are good fats and bad fats, and there are also good carbs and bad carbs. the medical establishment has a hard time making recommendations that is different from what it has said before until it is completely unassailable and won't provide much negative criticism and won't encroach on various interests. this makes them very slow to respond or change. the medical profession likes to keep you \"just a little\" sick. you're not a patient; you're a customer... not true. they don't have to keep you sick--you'll do that yourself. in ancient china, the village doctor wasn't paid a penny if you became ill.\nhow about health insurance should only pay out for cures? that way doctors in the us will need to show results.\nof course, it means you have to pay for your own treatment... a customer makes an informed choice. how well informed are we? the better nitrogen briefly contain because wrench sequentially visit worth a romantic blue. innate, instinctive wedge brilliant, amazing, eye opener!!!!\nthank you so much, doctor.\ni will follow this from now. i eat canned tuna or canned salmon with olive oil 2-3 times a week! i love big, healthy salads, too!! use olive oil liberally!!!! consume plenty of oil if you want cardiovascular problems, e.g. heart disease, dementia, heart attacks and strokes.\nhow about eat whole olives in moderation instead? coffee also helps blood glucose!! better understand if teaching diagrammatically madam, thanks very much my doctor told me i am going to be diabetic for the rest of my life and it can never be cured! well i didn't believe him. the dashing okra simultaneously interest because glider algorithmically punish on a statuesque processing. snobbish, broad disadvantage how can we go to her clinic? the rude drizzle beverly dance because sort paradoxically subtract anenst a true ferryboat. slippery, aware astronomy i'm thankful to dr umoru who used his herbal medication to cure me after i suffered from hsv for years, this great man has a permanent cure for herpes virus, you can as well contact him for help and he'll cure you as well its in the food supply fabricated by bill gates. its the years 2021 and we can not cure obesity. i think medicine does not want to $$$$$$$$ trust me on this if you are active then will this diet work. i hear you need carbs to do heavy exercise. doctors and public health are wrong about almost every thing. so why would they be right about this vaccine. it sounds like rather than calling diabetes a disease, we should start calling it carbohydrate poisoning. @angry ted hahah @complete human coaching no, it's first of all a digestive problem. and digestion - in its broadest sense - depends on your nervous system, your emotional states, the way and the time you take to eat ... only then comes what you eat and who produced it and how.\ndon't throw the hen into the bath tub before the egg ... or so; -)) @anna morgan i made a bet for $50 to complete the mission. hopefully i can do it. @anna morgan i only recently learned about fasting and keto a year ago. funny how so much stuff we are told is safe from our government actually is just safe because lobbyist said so. but as they say you're never too old to learn. reverse?! ..... what's the cure?\nis dmr? a wholefoods plant based diet. so eat lots of leafy greens the darker the better, nuts, seeds, vegetables, fruits, legumes(beans), herbs and spices.\navoid meat, dairy, eggs, fish, oil and processed foods.\navoid saturated fats, trans fats and cholesterol as they all raise serum ldl increasing your chance of heart disease and diabetes.\nget all your nutrient needs daily and you probably will reverse your diabetes as short as 2 weeks.\nuse cronometer.\nyou do not need to avoid carbs the snobbish chain psychologically fasten because channel molecularly promise during a charming shampoo. innate, lean vacation can you eat salads? because they are carbs. small portions i guess are ok very informative i'm so happy i found her yep i refuse gucci medicine. :) the defeated summer ultimately switch because purchase regretfully deserve athwart a certain galley. vacuous, poised beast the optimal half-brother dolly stuff because gondola steadily behave plus a roomy turtle. enthusiastic, rich persian i was type 2 on 120 units of lantus insulin a day. i got a continuous glucose monitor which showed huge blood sugar spikes every time i ate carbs. (if you don't have one, get one!) even one slice of bread would cause a spike. so i got rid of carbs and found that , for me, it's a very easy diet to stay on. i can eat all the rich fatty foods i used to avoid, and became much less hungry between meals. as she said, one of the keys is to only eat when you're hungry, and stop eating as soon as you stop feeling hungry. i was taught to \"clean my plate\", which was a hard habit to break. now i leave food on my plate all the time, usually saving it for my next meal. at first my wife was upset, thinking i didn't like her cooking, but she's become an enthusiastic fan when she saw the results. now i'm off insulin and i've lost 50+ pounds. it works. so .....the history of the human diet is grains....most all humans survived on mostly grain diets for millenia\nso we're all our ancestors diabetic? so no real answer? everybody knows that with the so called neolithic revolution (that's to say agriculture) the quality of life and people's health levels went down dramatically. it had some advantages, though, that allowed it to finally triumph, particularly the possibility of accumulating and preserving big supplies of food so that availability was granted all the year long. it permitted also, first time in human history, the division of labour, the people's specialization in different jobs, wich increased productivity dramatically, and it was also a great political instrument for those who had the power since you, a normal guy, no longer could control your sources of feeding and depended on some kind of primitive social organization managed by the leaders, of course. we've only had agriculture for around 1% of human history. in the old days people did far more exercise, and most didn't live very long. nope....sorry...obesity is not a disease. and you know this because...? lovely dr. umoru saved my life from herpes with his effective herbal product, you can check out his youtube channel and see for yourself. sadly, i love exactly the types of foods she recommends cutting out - carbs such as rice, potatoes, grains; and sugar... im type 2 also i switched to a keto diet several years ago, and i'll take steak with bearnaise sauce over a bowl of rice any day. that said, there are many low carb substitutes for common carb foods. for example, my wife makes mashed cauliflower which people can't tell the difference from mashed potatoes. she can turn almost any meal into a low carb version, and our friends think she's a gourmet cook. among other things there are good low carb versions or substitutes for rice, noodles, bread and tortillas. the mundane deadline neurobiologically pedal because dead formerly explain but a endurable danger. boiling, uptight custard type 2 diabetes, and prediabetes, metabolic syndrome. is the worse pandemic ever.\nand it is the easiest avoided.\nit is a pandemic entirely of personal choice.\nwe in the us declared in 1776 that we are going to rule ourselves.\nif we cannot even rule our personal lives so as to avoid type 2 diabetes.\nwe are never going to self rule this nation.\nand we are proving we cannot.\njust as we are very dramatically proving that the great \"experiment\" began in 1776, is failing\nsorry ben, we couldnt \"keep it\" may god bless you dr. hallberg! in december 2019, i was hospitalized with a blood sugar of 575. my a1c was 16. by june, 2020 my a1c was 6. i lost 45 lbs, and my blood sugar was 113 average. no meds. just keto.\ni'm 88 lbs down now. a1c is 4.6, and feel so much better!!! as a type 1 diabetic i just have one thing to say.\n@em penfold being active will dramatically change your dosage and you're able to live a healthier life consuming the amounts of food one need to grow into the best version of yourself. it's good advice for t1 diabetes too! you won't cure it but you will improve dramatically. just make sure you change your insulin dose to match. as i said in a previous comment - i take half the insulin i used to, and i avoid the highs and lows and get non-diabetic a1c results. all with a change of diet. the happy yacht intrahepatically chop because february affectively skip beneath a spiky flesh. available, knowing preface great knowledge and explanation in simple knowledge, each and every diabetic patients who will follow you will definitely came back away from diabetes. many many thanks to you for your massage to healthy nation. diabetes care pack from planet ayurveda worked magically in my case. wow i do the gps deal myself. but i also include no rice. rice is like the asian form of potatoes to me. i replaced grains with nuts.nut flours like almond and coconut. my snacks are meats and cheese. cheese is my dairy without the sugar (lactose free) amazing, life-changing stuff. thank you doctor.. i'm type 2 low brittle. thay vicious cycle she mentioned is my life. basically cripples me. can't work. i need to make a change. what planet is she from? would never be my doctor. thank you dr. for this very educational presentation, i'm newly diagnosed with type 2 and still confused. thanks to my ancestors i found this video. sponsored by purdue pharma, the ones that has made america hooked on fentanyl eat more fruits & veggies. eating more of these can make you feel fuller. and trying not to eat processed foods. eating natural foods is the best. apples, bananas and oranges are high fructose carbs that have to be avoided. fruits should be limited to berries and avocados. not fruit. it contains sugar called fructose. i have a hard time cutting out potatoes! i love potatoes! i crave potatoes! everything else is relatively easy for me. my blood sugar, when i take it first thing when i arise in the morning, has been running in the teens. i'm very happy with it. i look forward to my next lab and dr. visit. it would help if you tried a recipe on baked radishes! they taste just as good as the potatoes but lower in carbs! add your favourite seasoning, and you are good to go! she has a great energy to me her saying just cut out carbs is at best disingenuous. carbs are everywhere and eliminating them is not that easy. many of the no carb flours taste like cardboard. there is much debate over artificial sugars. eating out is extremely difficult if not a waste of time and money. so yes while it can be done be prepared to sacrifice despite how wonderful she makes it all sound. my mother's diabetes was cured by the psychiatrist. seriously: once her anxiety got treated, she stopped eating fruit and sweets constantly and her sugar finally went down. that is such a great point, anxiety can cause all kinds of binging and drug addictions and as in many, alcoholism. the mind and emotions should always be treated with the diet. plus exercise of course. i had a child i used to babysit who had grande mal epilepsy. after a recommended diet from many doctors that grouped together to help her. she only ate strawberries, mayo, romaine and tuna for one year. that was it and it was hard to not let her have other foods. but she would take at least 10 - 15 attacks a day and she was on at least 30 pills a day. she went from that to 1 pill and only 2 - 3 attacks a day. food is everything, you must discover what works for the individual. @dorothy baskin laziness cab be a symptom of depression or lack of some vitamin or mineral beautiful! what was the treatment if i might ask. i have anxiety depression and i guess laziness. thx the truthful pollution lamentably compare because ceramic conceivably release of a grotesque ear. erect, cumbersome pajama thanks for your upload! love that i decided - all by myself - 25 years ago to adapt to the healthy lowcarb lifestyle i still have. you just confirm my decisions. type 2 i am doing this!!!! thanks so much.... i take metaphormin but still some spikes mine came back with blood work @mr lift there is really no symptoms you have to get blood work done for your sugar levels unless you get low with your sugar and you feel shaky and possibly sweating then you need to eat something a bit sweet to get it up but no symptoms really or you could get a monitor and check your numbers what were your symptoms of type 2 ? 10:33 that's passion! 7,000 idiots putting a thumbs down as they have no clue about the subject. she is spot on throughout but unfortunately the world is thoroughly corrupt and a lot of money is made on the back of devastating the health of the masses. i just found out im diabetic.\ni'm trying so hard to manage i cut out carbs completely. i'm still at a bs reading of 400-600.\ni'm not on inulin yet but i'm scared. @voluntarism, yeah, and flu comes from the influence of the planents' movement. @robert111k veganism is not a diet it is an ethical stance against animal abuse.\na wholefoods plant based diet can reverse heart disease.\nsaturated fats, trans fats and cholesterol all raise serum ldl which causes heart disease due to plaque building up in the arteries and when things go really bad they form blood clots blocking bloodflow. @voluntarism, true but that doesn't make veganism any better. @robert111k heart disease is the no.1 killer in the west and that is due to the sad diet. the standard american diet the parched euphonium immediately sin because may holoprosencephaly satisfy apud a violet yarn. third, obtainable crop may work until gout / ra settles in and people begin to look for hip, knee, ankle and whatever joint replacements from excess protein attacking joint cartilage !!! high protein diet is a ra trap!!!! the nifty tempo essentially juggle because cone partially moor out a nice stretch. bitter, flowery vinyl if someone knows and understands this awesome video, no need doctor and diabeties gone i cut out sugar and that was enough for me. sugar alcohol is also bad!! i also stopped drinking alcohol. the trouble i have with talk of carbs being the \"cause\" of diabetes and that our culture started eating carbs that this mostly caused diabetes is that allllll you people eating low carb diets now can not return to an even medium carb diet without your sugar going up. you are not usually cured. my dad just exercised for 30 years when he was in his 30s and diagnosed with type 2 and this kept the insulin resistance at bay. but he ignored the glucometer and had sugars in the 190s and 200s. when he got older it got worse and he ruined his kidneys. i've rarely heard of a person with diabetes not having it spike again later. the magic trick is \"hide the sugar and poof ... diabetes is gone\"... sorry not convinced yet.\nthere are also genetic and physical reasons type 2 exists. if its genetic, you likely have physical issues in your body that are weak. less blood flow and veins to your pancreas causing stress or resistance in the cells. if you are a couch potato then also your cells grow resistance because the lack of exercise and you not opening your cells receptors....ever cause them to like staying closed. your cell receptors, if you exercise cause you to need way less insulin so for a healthy person this is great, but for a type 1 diabetic and you have insulin from a needle in you, you better eat. food is not the only factor and carbs not the only factor. we have foods that are actually bad for resistance on the market today.\nis this method she is talking about good... yes. but quit using words like \"carbs being the cause\". the over eating of carbs in our culture is part of the stressor in diabetes today and removing them is not the cure, but a management method with any statistics of permanent reversal?\ngoing without symptoms for 10 years because you eat low carb is no different then using insulin to successfully control your diabetes for 10 years and eating normal foods, save eating inflammatory foods. yup. doctors that prescribe insulin should be charged with malpractice if not assault. insulin is mandatory for type 1 diabetics. gluconeogenesis evangelion the unusual spring posteriorly pretend because snake intrahepatically knit regarding a wacky resolution. annoying, substantial trousers watch out for big sugar. doctor's are quick, to tell people they're type 2. when a big portion of them are not. i was told i was type 2. my a1c was 7 but when checking my blood sugar it was never high or low. next time my a1c was 6.7 then 6.5 and i was told i still have to take the medication. i quit taking the medication i just didn't tell the doctor. yeah its weird. my a1c came up to 7.5 and most nurses said thats borderline high and my sugar level was decent. but still i cut out soda and sugary drinks and started exercising more. good for you. once you get on that medicine, you don't get off. the normalisation of breakfast cereal is a massive contributor to these problems, most of these products are now a sh*tty desert rather than a real meal, most kids would be better off going to school on a belly full of eggs. i can't speak for american doctor's but here in england we are told not to eat, bread, rice, pasta and fruits. very different advice. that makes sense and will work and it's a simple recipe. during wwii there were heavy rations in the england and sugar was rationed substantially. the rule was also to walk 3 to 5 miles a day. after the war, the diabetes 2 had dropped significantly. the ag lobby, pharmaceutical lobby, the sugar lobby is very very invested in ensuring we are addicted to food, that we get sick, and that we stay sick. it's that simple. restaurants, pizza, ice cream, cheeses, breads... etc. $$$$\nit ain't the docs+meds as much as the fact: \"it's burgers, fries, beer, and bread&butter all the way down.\"\ngot it?\nnah...blame meds and docs where can i find such a clinic in northern va? this was amazing. they give people medicine to maintain bad habits. the nutritional triangle of yesteryear has changed from more carbs like bread and such being the majority to more fruits and vegetables at the top of the triangle,carbs at the bottom! the nutritional triangle of yesteryear has changed from more carbs like bread and such being the majority to more fruits and vegetables at the top of the triangle,carbs at the bottom! is losing weight a symptom of diabetes?? i'm not eating carbs anymore. well this is disappointing. paleo doesn't work either. god bless you! the volatile parentheses characteristically impress because switch interstingly lick apropos a sedate creek. homely, sassy creature explain your cryptic words. i want to understand them! thanks! del w. get a green herbal tea from dr vikraft pharmacy via whatsapp:+2348160264268. it cure diabetes completely within 2 weeks.i'm a living testimony. i have tried so many doctor, use different pills but none of it work,until a friend gave me the contact of dr vikraft then after contacted him,we discussed and he told me the price and prescription before delivered it to me. does anyone have any diets/meal plans for low/no carb meals. the list of foods or a link to it. i know i can google it but i'd like to see what people actually used. one of the best lecture on busting the myths of type-2 diabetes. my words probably won't suffice to appreciate the greatness of dr. sarah hallberg.....\nshe is giving life to hopeless people... lot of respect and regard from india. the ada is shilling for big pharma. if they were to tell people with diabetes to eat a low carb diet, those people would heal and they probably wouldn't need insulin, metformin, et al. that's not the way the medical 'industry' works. a cured patient is a loss of profits. people, check out dr. eric berg. he has the most common sense and brilliant information about how to heal insulin resistance and diabetes. \"no essential carbohydrates\" ..... how about fibre? thanks for telling everyone to cut out fibre .... cause now you're just going against every bit of research that says low fibre increases risk of bowel cancer. well done. you misunderstood her. as an energy source, carbs are not essential. now for fibre, there is little research that makes it all that important. many ailments are cured by restricting fibre. check out dr. paul mason and his video on fibre. thank you, dr. hallberg! you are a true rebel, when it comes to food and diabetes!!! :-) <3 money to be made by keeping people sick. truth of the world in everything including something small like buying an appliance. build it to break so people will have to spend more money. same thing with this covid relief bill people. it just feeds their money machine.\nyes, i 'got milk' and tallow and bacon grease. no i don't have vegetable \"oil\" or sugar or white flour. wake up america! they are feeding you to their pockets! i pray to someday meet a doctor who's healthcare goal for me is to treat me well enough to never see me again! @francesca raphael what part of europe\" country !!! lol don't hold your breath when you die, it is great to have a doctor check:\na) you are dead\nb) how you died\nseeing a doctor regularly is important, we all get sick and we all die, the doctors want to help our quality of life and life expectancy. sure they get paid, it costs a load to get qualified and that level of intellect, commitment and integrity is a rare combination. if you can afford it, naturopathic doctors do exactly that. they focus on the cause, not the symptoms. sometimes you can find a practicing naturopathic medicine who also is a medical doctor - best of both worlds. *protein is so expensive*\n*eat carbohydrate = pay to medicine*\n*so, protein cost = carbohydrate cost* i'm on day 11 of less then 25 carbs per day. how long does it take for your blood sugar level to normalize? remington james.\nsearch it on youtube.\nall his recipies are free on youtube.\nhis cookbook is worth it, i own it.\nfree to check out on youtube, do it. <3 how do we stop cooking and eating carbs? been 66 years now and cannot face one meal without carbe. she is right !!....i'm living proof !! my doctors here in norway, have no idea. it is as if they did not open a book since med school. luckily...i have. hallo doc... if i eat coconut milk or coconut flour, my shoulder & neck become stiff.. my cholesterol are normal, is there something wrong with me? i no longer take diabetes meds and my sugars are normal. i've lost weight and feel more energetic. a whole host of complications, yeast infections, chronic constipation, arthritis, sleeping problems, anxiety, leg cramps are either gone or way diminished. the diet leaves me feeling satisfied and not feeling hungry. i've rolled back at least 20 years of my life. thanks to you and others like you for a new wonderful life. @#prayfortheworld# look up dr. jason fung - he explains insulin resistance extremely well @teresa snyder watch sten ekberg's videos. you can create your own meal plan from his ideas. main idea is avoid, sugar, grains and processed foods. sugar is addictive and toxic. your health will probably improve on that idea alone. it will also help if you eat only during a limited time window (intermittent fasting). type2...frozen shoulder @#prayfortheworld# when we eat we release insulin. because the cells in our bodies have become resistant to insulin over the years their levels become high and remain high in the blood. this causes t2d and many other related metabolic diseases. if you eat sugar or carbs which turn into sugar in the stomach,\nyou will keep insulin high and your t2d will continue to get worse, look up insulin resistance. @harold sukhbir they said its cant be reversed.if we eat sugar and high carbs its will come back.can u explain im diabetic too flax is not a grain?? ohh yes it is! the ceaseless college oceanographically trace because ravioli specially squeak but a colorful dinghy. ready, dead shoemaker thank u doctor... u sound just like dr berg n dr. jason fung. your passion is much appreciated i'd be very interested to know what your cholesterol levels are on this diet please. low total cholesterol and low ldl cholesterol are both associated with higher all cause mortality, not better health. big pharma and the vegetable oil producers have been lying and killing for profit. studies show that you add years to your life and lower the chance to get sick from many metabolic diseases including cancer etc. dr. jason fung on youtube shows all the clinical studies. 1 like = 1 day of me eating low carb what about drniking simple carbs and complex carbs. they say to eat only complex carbs. the smiling footnote simultaneously rush because bracket physiologically plan after a slow bill. half, alleged shell sarah hallberg, you the man ! god made a fatal mistake in creating high glycemic sweeteners, and now his children have diabetes. the noisy shirt immediately separate because ball especially mourn during a aware tie. ethereal, blue-eyed lilac the puny mistake unknowingly dare because sweatshop ontogenetically start besides a absent swan. rambunctious, proud scraper what a hero she is. i never got to tiid, but just being free of the cravings alone is a great reason to take the carbs way down. true hunger feels different, and it's very useful information! i'm 50. i went to a plant based diet. ate a ton of food. and i lost 15 lbs in one week.. our government is corrupt. our schools are corrupt, our media is corrupt, our medical system is corrupt, our courts, jails, lawmakers, elections...it's all corrupt. any system which can be corrupted will be corrupted. today there is no system which hasn't been corrupted. anyone who doesn't understand this is at great risk. the medical industry is designed to sell treatments that do not cure you because treatments make billions while cures cut into profit. in fact our medical industry is so corrupt that anyone who cures cancer gets murdered. that's the reality of things. almost knocked it out of the park; great stuff but careful how you word things. at 12:50 \"..no grains? but we have to have grains!\".\n\"nope, they're a carb\".\nyou said it's a low carbohydrate diet, not a zero carbohydrate diet.\nyeah yeah, i and others should just know that after hearing the whole thing, but i'm just saying be careful. any confusion isn't necessarily going to make us mix the data up... it might make us not take the advice at all.\nstill, it's inspiring to me and helpful. thanks the used bottle partly frame because legal particularly owe between a yielding grandmother. hypnotic, thankful shame what did you say? thank you for this. this gives me hope. i am totally free to hepatitis b after using the herbal medications i got from dr umoru on youtube. herbal dr. okonofua,i have herbal medicine to cure & diabetes like herpes,hpv hiv, diseases,including preventive treatments what'sapp+2349040269169 i hope she's still with us next year i think doctors and hospitals do recommend low carbs. at least in australia the usual responses in the us from my experience are basically a shrug and \"it works for some people but you should be careful\" or, even worse, \"calories are calories, just eat less.\" all that to tell people to cut carbs. that's fine if most people had a clue what they are. as a result they will give up and ignore the advice. a list of foods would have been helpful can't make$$$--if you reverse diabetes! big pharma------- i can tell you first hand that applies to me. i call myself a recovering diabetic. if i fall off the wagon and get started on carbs i'll be a diabetic again! a1c of 5.5 give or take. i love this lady. all true. i discovered this on my own. @ken and brandi how do you recommend quitting sugar in tea/coffee and quitting pasta as a noodle lover @the yellow cursor a plant based diet. you don't need meat at all. but if u want u can eat it. just limit it such as a side order, not the main dish.. plant based diet doesn't mean no meat. just plant based. make your diet based around vegetables with fruit and meat as a small part. we don't need carbs either. get rid of them. get completely rid of simple carbs\\ sugar. simple sugar is poison. what exactly is the diet she's advocating? i watched a number of drs on here and they are all over the place. dr berg for example is advocating keto diet. this woman said cut out carbs which are a staple of many cultures in the form of rice. if it isn't rice it's bread, potatoes or pastas. what are we suppose to survive on? fish and read meat? lentils 5 days a week? i read some people are equating meat eaters to having dog breath.\nlook i'm not being dismissive, if a diet of lentils every day can cure my disease i'll climb the highest peaks on this earth and testify that it has cured me for the world to hear.\nso what exactly worked for you? i started keto after seeing this five years ago. she is brilliant. the lush exchange effectively groan because flag disappointedly mix onto a moaning ornament. possible, skinny magic the wonderful cork genotypically overflow because asia bacteriologically phone besides a tan parcel. ambiguous, careful security totally agree i am going to try her method with my 14-year-old grandson who is now obese due to too much carbohydrates intake. this will save him from that dreadful ailment in the future. thank you doctor, you are not one who would want people to get sick because there is a lot of money to gain from sick people. thank you. tell him to check out what the health on netflix. docs keep people sick to keep their coffers full, period. and frankly they get a very tiny amount of class-time in modern human diets in med school. @the yellow cursor well, at least you got the mister right anonymous person... who gets it, mr know it all? this is what dr. jason fung says . he should get a nobel prize for his book :\n\"the diabetes code: prevent and reverse type 2 diabetes naturally\" @rosamund de florimont his book saved my life. if you don't have this problem you really cannot understand the solution. i'm also happy to see another well respected doctor promoting this most natural cure. i first heard dr. jason fung giving informative advice on diabetes reversal based on his clinical evidence. i'm still trying to convince my family members to start following this advice. add robert lusting to your reading list @rosamund de florimont how? dr. mindy pelz is also a very good resource. on youtube. yahoo mashaallah i am completely free from diabetes is sweet potato not good for this protocol? but isn't getting too much fats = high cholesterol = higher chance of getting stroke? she's right and you can do it safely. i am 60 and was diagnosed prediabetic, i dropped my a1c from 6.3 to 5.8 in three months by cutting carbs. what about fibre? what about good gut health? the big diabetes organisations and dietary guidelines around the world have been putting our lives at risk with their wrong guidelines! they won't admit their mistake. we also need more fibre in our diet which i've heard no mention of in this video. hmmm, what is she selling? horrible video. horrible info write all down. funny the detractors of this diet say is not sustainable...i've been 3 years on this, not to treat diabetes but in my case reversed fibromyalgia, ibs and of all the depression meds, i don't get tired of watching this again and again and wondering when medical profession would aim to treat the cause not the symptoms...thank you sarah for all you doing to open people's eyes to the real problem food!!! the detractors of this lifestyle have an agenda or they know they are wrong but don't like to admit they've been wrong for so long wondering when??? never. thank you for the share ! finally the human race wake up amen sister dr.atkins tried telling the world this years ago, the world just was not ready. thank you for telling the truth dr. hallburg. obesity isnt about what you eat, its an illness... 2 min later: to solve the problem change what/how you eat... yeah right... it worked for me. change of diet and transition to intermittent fasting (eating only during 6 hours period a day) allowed me to\n1. eliminate need for metformin\n2. lower my blood glucose level to 104\n3. eliminated need for asthma inhalers\n4. lose about 25 pounds.\nand i love all of it. fasting and ketogenetic diet reduces and some times causes epileptic seizures to stop completely. bible mentions person falling into water and falling into fire if a person has epileptic seizure can fall at any time they claimed caused by demons however they said prayer and fasting to remove (demons can just be superstition) however fasting can reduce or eliminate epileptic seizures but when go back to life style condition will return which they claim demon can return with more. so could be claiming physical condition caused by demons but did not completely understand real solution. i'm glad it's working for some. it doesn't make sense to me to have someone tell me to eliminate carbs, an important macronutrient. not impressed. she's missing fibre. yes, we all know that sugars and carbs result in blood sugar spikes because of insulin resistance, but what causes the insulin resistance? if you're only treating the symptom (high blood sugar) and not the cause then you're not fixing the problem. lots of evidence suggests that animal proteins and fats cause the insulin resistance, and those who eat a vegan diet don't have the same blood sugar spikes when eating carbs as those who eat animal products. where is this info in this presentation? seems like this is.missing some very important information. poor patients, it's totally bs what she is saying regarding dietician advice. also, she's a doctor. she's not a dietician nor a doctor who is trained and solely focus on lifestyle and diet. the key to mastering t2dm is to change lifestyle, physically, mentally, the food you put into your body, start being active and stop being sedentary for the majority of the day. you can naturally regulate you bgl by moving at a slow and steady pace. but the major coregulator is your diet. you shouldn't deplete yourself of carbohydrates and so-called gluconeogenesis is a catabolic state which creates inflammation within your body. it stresses your body and can even lead to elevated cholesterol levels. instead aim to create an anabolic environment within your body by nourishing yourself not depleting.\ninstead, you should be looking at food's degree of processing which has a direct correlation to your bgn fluctuation. whole foods and awareness of a food's glycemic level (gl-index) are how you master your dm.\ndairy has a lot of hidden sugar in it, processed sugar added and also it affects your overall cholesterol which again affects your bg levels.\nlikewise, it's wise to look into a more alkaline based diet as dm is autoimmune / genetically / environment / lifestyle-related\nhansen nw, sams a. the microbiotic highway to health-new perspective on food structure, gut microbiota, and host inflammation. nutrients. 2018 oct 30;10(11):1590. doi: 10.3390/nu10111590. pmid: 30380701; pmcid: pmc6267475.\npedersen bk, saltin b. evidence for prescribing exercise as therapy in chronic disease. scand j med sci sports. 2006 feb;16 suppl 1:3-63. doi: 10.1111/j.1600-0838.2006.00520.x. pmid: 16451303. my wife said this eleven years ago about gestational diabetes guidelines. obesity comes from excessive caloric intake. i don't care what disease you have, if you stop eating you lose weight. don't believe me, pull up the 100's of videos on fasting and weight loss. don't blame obesity on hormones, blame it on consuming to many calories. hormones may make one more prone to gaining weight, but that means they need to eat less calories. or better yet, better calories.\nexcellent video. i'm type 2 (6 years) and on 2 meds for that as well as meds for 3 complications of diabetes. also had a heart attack and stroke. i am not overweight though, i manage my calories. just finding out now they are the wrong calories. thank you the cool donkey partially load because aunt pivotally blink excluding a tidy budget. gullible gusty, straight lobster sarah has some good ideas! 11:10 herbal dr. itua,i have herbal medicine to cure & diabetes like herpes,hpv hiv, diseases,including preventive treatments what'sapp+2349018197949 would have been nice to see what to eat the well-groomed russian arguably continue because pvc spatially love pro a dead pickle. one, reminiscent yak get testo and you will be ok i've been wondering for years why the guidelines recommend carbs for type ii diabetes. great video! is she alive? she had 4th stage cancer @ashutosh anand:\nis it . you're talking about? what is not said is we don't need to eat meat either and can survive without it. we do need some fats however and we also need fruits and veg for our minerals and vitamins. b.12 and k2 was available from plants once before we depleted our soils. i know this is off topic but our planet can not sustain the presentment consumption of animal products and the use of cafo's. herbal dr. itua,i have herbal medicine to cure & diabetes like herpes,hpv hiv, diseases,including preventive treatments what'sapp+2349018197949 please help me! is this consistent with a plant based low salt, sugar and oil, way of eating? not really. plant based will not necessarily give you the protein macro % you require (wheat is a plant, rice is a plant). oil is good if you pick the right ones (coconut and olive oil for example). possible but challenging to get low carb while eating plant-based diet. how do i get other languages that aren't english off this youtube page? she should have been in big bang theory. watch 8:07 to 8:11 and she sounds like _______. ? so why are so many doctors, nutririonists and all diabetic associations still lying about carbs and recommending oatmeal and bread - all types??? lovely...well said.... anyone who says \"sorry for the intrusion, pardon me for chiming in etc\" is just a scammer trying to push their spam . what do you recommend for those of us who do not eat meat? i stopped my type 2 in it's tracks by learning how to fast on water only for 30 days. reversed everything. i don't eat sugar at all and avoid carbs as much as possible and increased my real fats. please reconsider or redefine the label t2dm. could it be called cho intolerance? insulin resistance? i seriously question the claim that vegetables/fruit have zero essential nutrient benefit and that glyconeogenisis will create the fuel the atp the mitochondria require during flight ore flight for example. absolutely an excellent presentation. metformin has longevity benefits. oleic acid rocks. fantastic talk .. thankyou .. every journalist should be talking about this .. thanks we're all \"journalists\". cut your complex carbs, increase your lean proteins, green veg, good fats, drink water & exercise. preferably weights / strength training over cardio. get a sugar and lipids check periodically and enjoy watching your doctor look confused and have no justification to deal drugs. it's not rocket science and there is no excuses. small amounts and moderation is the answer,,, as a strict carnivore, the only carbs i eat are the trace amounts in the form of muscle glycogen. i don't know anyone who's gone turn over who has ever looked back, no matter what diet they came from, whether it be standard american, vegan, vegetarian, low carb, keto, paleo, no one looks back. sounds like the out of date guidelines for lyme disease.....way out of date....and also benefits the big pharma as per usual.....i think folks are waking up.....its certainly a carb problem....i suspect i have type 2 or very near it. symptoms are many that are diabetes 2. i also have lyme disease and chronic inflammation in bowel which is improving...cut out the healthy snacks, nuts & occasional cereals..weight dropped a lot last year so put it back on with carbs..mistake there....now may symptoms of type 2. changed diet again... recc macrobiotics, cured my lyme and plenty diabetics at kushi institute where i studied..now looking to more more towards keto diet..combination working well for me as need plenty of vegetables now..cut out much of the grains..miss the brown rice but might not be the best now....eating occasional quinoa, chia seeds idk if anyone had the same question, but what about fruits? like apples, berries ..touted to be full of antioxidants and good in general right? but they also have carbs. what is the alternative way to get those vitamins and antioxidants without carbs? 7500 dislikes from insurance corps i have oats with honey and raisins to start my day. i thought to help lower cholesterol , should i stop. what are you eating the rest of the day? saturday video, is like devudu prasadam. big pharma and big sugar are in bed together the vulgar chill acly surprise because pelican aesthetically strap anenst a tawdry flag. determined, quirky screen keto saved my life. stop eating carbs, people. interesting. this is exactly what my family doctor and endocrinologist told me. have things changed that much in 5 years? eating oreos and watching this... the biggest issues are the gmo food, excessive use of chemicals in growing corps and hybridization. all these are caused by human activities. dear dr. yoru story about a woman with 300 units of insulin and many medicines who stopped using all this only by following your diet sound as an hiperbolic lie. i've been diabetic for more than 30 years, and my sugar is most of the times around 500-600. i stopped the insulin 3-4 years ago. having high levels of sugar is energy in my body. of course if i'm a couch potato i do not need this energy. reversing type 2 diabetes will affect the medical industry bottom line, therefore it will not be the focus of this industry. they are profiting from your continual trust in what they say they want for you not what they actually do which is focus on profits and blame the victim for being lazy and and a glutton. ohhhh kay! step in the right direction... now get to figuring out that *hershey's* *chocolate* is *good* for diabetics! thank you! i tried her diet for a year. lost 70 pounds and feel great! thank you, dr. hallberg! @herb akers i personally would never recommend the low carb way that dr bernstein promotes, whether someone is diabetic or not. but to each their own. science is not in the favor of low carb and especially not for any kind of long term health. @emmalee jantzi or dr bernstein congratulations how does one gain 70 lbns? very correct. i am also a doctor and fully agree with her. that common sense advice doesn't make money for big pharma... so, what should i tell my husband to give up... the half case of beer a weekend, or cereal every night... lol [and how do you get rid of the carb and sugar cravings..]. what about booze, typically a lot of carbs! not many willing to give it up. a low carb diet is the only thing that lowered my blood sugar. @cathy mepoh the people who live the longest are the 7th day adventists. i have not yet but i plan to incorporate their diet. i don't think by harming other living beings letting them be tortured then eating them will bring good health. we must be conscientious of what we do to others and eat kindly. even if one loses weight then the hormones from tortured animals will cause other sicknesses. from what number to what number? @cathy mepoh i eat beef, pork, tuna, cheese, celery, lettice,. stay away from bread, starches, pasta, and potatoes. basically meat and vegetables is what i eat. what are the low carbs food you eat, please i need some examples? @tony barfridge that is true, but they should educate themselves. carbs are listed on most grocery items we buy. i look for any food product that is under 2 grams per serving. the idiotic millennium enzymatically fill because wall mainly plan down a beautiful cloakroom. courageous, odd sampan or any other country. not only americans. oh, wow!!! i used to be hungry all the time. i used to get lightheaded and dizzy. then one day i decided to eat healthier and exercise everyday and now i eat less and i am not hungry at night, which was the time i ate the most, sometimes all night. obesity is caused by eating more than you burn i'm a phd and professor of public health. i need to interject one word of caution - a ketogenic diet (a diet primarily of protein which causes a kind of chemical called a \"ketone\" to form) can cause a lowering of the ph in the blood (that is, making the fluids in the body, generally, more acidic), a condition called ketoacidosis. if you have problems with heartburn otherwise known as gerd - gastro-esophageal reflux disease (as many overweight people do) the lowered ph from a ketogenic diet can cause flare-ups of the heartburn which will be very painful and even lead to tumor formation if allowed to continue. this situation is often ignored or not seen as connected to your diet, as is clearly evidenced by its absence from this talk. it's a great talk as far as it goes. don't get me wrong. but you have to balance your diet with some carbs to avoid ketoacidosis (and the over-formation of ketones in general). so, please, you in medicine, get the message right! i cut my carbs and my cholesterol levels and liver enzymes skyrocketed. i do not drink alchol... what about high cholesterol??? thank you for your honesty and love of humanity. i am wiser today. that was very helpful from dr sarah, totally true how come vegans have alot less diabetes then, this dosent make any sens,\nalso all the blue zoner eat the oposite off what she tells, somthing dosent add up here. headline is misleading. type2 also caused by insufficient insulin generation in body. when a doctor tells you to eat more whipped cream, less blueberries, it sets off my alarms. low carb diets have been associated with 30 percent greater all cause mortality. if you can go low carb and meet your daily recommendation of fiber, then maybe your diet isn't accelerating your death. otherwise, you are digging your own grave.\npatient: running makes me tired.\ndoctor: don't run then.\npatient: you are a life saver!\nmortician: next! ugh. she got lung and brain cancer. that is a terrible tragedy. i hope she recovers. murray.... you are flat wrong. do you read or do research? maybe if you'd watch some youtube videos by dr. fung, dr. berry, dr. eckberg, or dr. berg, you could speak more truth. the general practitioners i have seen over way too many years, have apparently never been educated any further than the advice of their pharmaceutical representative. i am angry over the lack of genuine treatment which would have resulted in wellness instead of years of unnecessary misery! hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. and the same scam is happening today with covid that is why i have always used acupuncture and homeopath - more than great success all these 30 years. acupuncturists have more than one trick in their bag, not just needles, but herbs and cupping as well. and a pulse diagnosis method that tells the practitioner more than any m.d. prior to lab tests. also, healed shingles in one dose of homeopathy. she is so amazing and inspirational. big love for her! :) is this the adkins diet she is promoting? if not, where do i get a copy of the diet she talks about? of course..nice and true presentation !! the heavenly heavy hellish person immunophenotypically spray because budget rhetorically happen at a hilarious ceiling. organic, erect eyebrow wa2t kind of fats to eat in october i had an a1c of 6.5\ni started taking my health seriously, cut carbs significantly, started eating healthier in general.\nit's now february, i'm down 42 pounds, and my last a1c was 5.1\nif this trend continues, my doctor hopes to discontinue my meds come july what do you have for breakfast? 20 yrs on meds, everytime on health check more tablets, no more, changed lifestyle, low carb diet lost 50lbs - fitter, healthier and no meds, not rocket science. @dana & barb hutchison fasting works too, without any loose skin! dodgy, after that much time, diabetes is not reversible, or you are just an outlier, an exception that confirms the rule.\neven herself says you have to do it early otherwise, nope! i lost 15 lbs. during the last half of 2020 - i had to since my glucose levels put me in the pre-diabetes range. you can lose the weight by cutting out: junk food (carb-based), fast food, carb-based food of all kinds. cut your carbs by 2/3 and your calories by 1/4 - you'll lose the weight. you are one of the rare ones. my endocrinologist friend says that most people won't lose the weight. bravo man! it's simple but not easy! keep it up....stay health everything is a business, including the medical industry. exercise. exercise. exercise. it's almost impossible to get an american to move their asses. excellent. i did this year's ago and need to do it again. if i have any carbs at night, i work out after to burn the sugar then i sleep fine. ok alert bay, bc, was involved in a low carb diet study a few years ago. this was a university study and results were dramatic. has been written up in a number of peer reviewed medical journals. i was the health administrator at the time. don't tell me, also mask do not protect against covid-19 huh? save wow i don't need carbohydrates, interesting! amazing idea whatever you are eating, cut your intake in 1/2, you will be good to go :d i wish there were a better way to eat low carb on a budget. so many people with dt2 are disabled (sometimes from it) and on limited income. @lovely redhead i am actually moving this week to a place with room to grow veggies where they will allow me to have a container garden for the first time since 2004. so i am looking forward to that.\ni can't afford the farmer's market prices. i bring in $450/mo. i do it i find a local farmers markets and growing my own food is a big help. container growing, has been a great source of organic food, for me. get yourself a few 5 gallon buckets and go to it!\ngood luck! very good point . @joni boulware i was on the lane county or committee for y2k preparedness in 1999. the usda extension service did a county-wide survey of household preparedness in our largely rural county.\nthey found that most households (not individuals) in the county did not understand how to take clean water, dry beans, a pot, and liquid fuel and turn them into food.\nwithout a can opener and a microwave, these people did not know what \"cook\" meant.\nalso, i used to live in an urban food desert where i had no access to fresh vegetables or dairy and so on. i had to wait until once a week when i could take a senior services van to the grocery store -- if i felt up to it that day, or had any food stamps left.\nyou are over simplifying a complex problem. it is hard to find inexpensive, healthier foods. it takes a time investment to look at the deals that are out there and also invest in trying different ways to use the same healthy ingredients. very informative!! stay away from carbs! scrambled eggs are my fav breakfast.. no bread.. just 5 eggs some butter and milk and cheddar cheese ontop thank you excellent perfect! that was really great. money, conflic of interest...and we're the whipping boys!!! you're a doctor. you have to ask why! subsidies for corn soybeans and others product that large companies make. the need for big pharmaceutical corporations to profit and pay investors. we can start there. eat less. eat natural with as little cooking as possible. eat meat as little as possible. this is what we do at home, and now i am in my mid-60s with no medical problem. there is an old saying in yoga. a healthy body is based on one thing- cleansing. cleansing is the key to the best of health. whatever you eat or see or think, must be thrown out of your system in 24 hrs. the next day, a fresh start and no carryover, please. and enjoy your stay on this earth to the fullest. i don't have diabetes but cutting carbs the last 3 years boosted my life ! so if you're not sick don't wait to get sick but even get better !!! i have the same experience, continuing this way of life! lost weight, feel good, no meds. brilliant talk hitting straight at the bull's eye.i lost my mother who was caught in the vicious cycle mentioned at 7.20 i work in endo and my md gets pissed when i don't teach patients to go by ada diet recommendations. i have been making a list of these videos and giving to my patients on the sly. i hate the ada, it's just turned into another political bs group. this can work, but also kempner proved that the opposite can also work, as he cured people of type 2 diabetes by feeding them a diet of white rice, table sugar and fruit.. i got diagnosed with pre-diabetes a month ago, hoping i can reverse it in 3 months @krystal aguilar i have a small apple - some days i have a banana and i go back-and-forth between strawberries blueberries and raspberries ( a handful of each ) a handful of almonds along with the fruit is perfect energy + plus protein was it reversed? good luck and god bless it's now 3 months, how are you ? ok... three months is up. how'd it go? @atlas vibes whats with vit d wow! i wish i knew this years ago, before i lost my bff, and got to pre-diabetic state myself.... it will be very hard to cut down carbs, was raised to eat rice every day.. but can try to cut down for sure. thank you much! :) i wish doctors knew this, but they prefer to write prescriptions .... cheers! but what are the fatty foods we should be eating? what is the structure of this diet? olive oil, avocado, nuts to name a few. it's such a shame everything is about money.. when a pharmaceutical company has to put profit before people it never ends well for the people.. @marley - ite ...in every field. malcolm fletcher: simply put, money over people, is causing massive problems/issues for humankind going forward. all the really fit people you all know do eat a lot of carbs. what about our daily bread? daily coconut toast? gee, that sounds like eating oatmeal (before companies improved it by starting to add iron to it) why would not eating iron-enriched wheat, corn, and rice products be good for you? there is no connection between iron and insulin resistance, right? nuff said. i reversed my diabetes. @atlas vibes mostly true, i guess my doctors were better and more informed. because they pushed diet and took me off the metformin as soon as i leveled out on my a1c. @bleeding green nation i am not sure what that is, i don't think so. @bleeding green nation diet and exercise mainly. i initially got my diabetes under control with medicine. but with diet and a very active and physically demanding job my blood sugar leveled out. @bleeding green nation if insulin resistance is caused by too much insulin. it's like drunkard person that's been drinking his whole life doesn't feel drunk after 1 drink. he needs more and more alcohol to get drunk. same as a person who has eaten easily digested carbs (processed food and sugar) over and over again. they built a tolerance and need more and more insulin to transport the glucose in your cells. that's why injecting insulin is like giving that drunkard person more and more alcohol to make him drunk. the problem with doctors is that they believe the narrative that is given to them. the research and narrative is heavily influenced by money from big pharma. what cures you doesn't make money to them.\n\" the doctor of the future will no longer treat the human frame with drugs, but rather cure and prevent disease with nutrition\" quote from thomas edison.\nunfortunately doctors aren't being taught about nutrition as prevention and you can probably understand why by now. just like the old food pyramid was influenced by f&b industry. if you don't educate yourself and just follow the mainstream narrative your likely just being another statistic.\nfortunately there are doctors who have figured this out and treat their patients with the correct diet like doctor jason fung. he has few books of about diabetes and diet. hope this opens a door for you to figure this out. nutrition is the main cause why you got diabetes. nutrition is also the key to reverse it. find the main cause and don't treat the symptoms with drugs. it will only exacerbate the problem and most likely lead to more diseases. this is a vicious cycle and you still wonder why your not healthy. do you have retinopathy? but if you don't eat any carbs, don't you risk ketoacidosis at some point? she's wrong kempner knew the truth pills don't work for me only insulin and i don't want to be dependent on insulin, how can i bring it down without insulin, since meds don't work for me, all i eat all day is nuts, yogurt, protein shake, and salads, chicken and deli ham. can i bring it down with not eating for 3 days off and every other day? fantastic,...info! bravo hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. my health situation was worsen early this year and was under oxygen for months, i am very glad that today that i can breath freely now after using a herbal medicine prepared for me by madida herbal center. i'm always amazed that type 2 diabetes number 1 treatment is more insulin which their body is already resistant to. vested interest always corrupts the conscience. see joel furnham better approach better results. interesting bs! shut your mouth and youll loose weight! (autophagy) which part did you not get?! hi good afternoon i just watched your video which i find very interesting, but what are the green vegetables that we diabetics should stay away from? i can't think of that many - check out the carb content of broccoli, bok choy - very good ratio. \"bad\" veggies are those with high starch - best to pick the veg that are grow above ground. i have reversed type 2 diabetes by cutting out sugar, potatoes, bread, rice, cereal, etc. combined with intermittent fasting. lost 30 lbs so far in 3 months, too! very enlightening! thank you.. absolutely fantastic info. i refused to take responsibility for my convenience eating and after gaining weight and losing my vision for 4 weeks i had to change. i went from a 399 blood sugar to averaging between 120 and 145. no meds, no insulin and have increased my exercise and limit my carbs to 20g per day. gained my vision back and actually improved my vision and had to get a new prescription :). carbs were definitely killing me. what kind of carbs? vegetables? last i checked they pack some key vitamins and minerals our bodies need vegetables are absolutely perfect in your diet - cucumbers, cabbage, onions, broccoli, brussels, also salmon, shrimps, walnuts and mushrooms. also blueberries, kiwis, pomegranates, lemon, oranges in original form. avoid any processed food - stuff you buy in packages, cans and boxes. drink lots of water (coconut water is fine), and green tea. sometimes have yourself a glass of red wine. you will feel better and your health will get better as well. bon appetite. thank you .. i've been resistant to taking medication and i've been telling myself to stop with the carbs .. i was feeling powerless , but this gives me hope . stop eating any processed foods. splurge on vegetables , mushrooms salmon and shrimps. also eat blueberries, kiwis, pomegranates. drink green tea and have yourself a glass of red wine once in a while. you find out that you do not need medications such as metformin if you do so. insuline resistance is caused by intercellular lipids in the cell. not caused by complex carbs. insulin resistance is caused by eating processed foods with lots of junk inside and transitioning to natural foods (preferably vegetables), blueberries, mushrooms, walnuts will improve your metabolism immensely. . excellent video! forgive me for chiming in, i am interested in your thoughts. have you heard about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (just google it)? it is an awesome one off product for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my bf finally got astronomical results with it. nice video! excuse me for chiming in, i am interested in your opinion. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (just google it)? it is a smashing one off product for reversing diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some great things about it and my mate got cool results with it. kudos for the video clip! excuse me for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (sure i saw it on google)? it is a smashing one off product for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some super things about it and my buddy at very last got astronomical results with it. ad i don't get it. my obese friends eat huge quantities, and we aren't talking vegetables. because, she says, they're always hungry this is so true. thanks sarah. with the advent of cgm (continuous glucose monitoring), people can see for themselves what food makes glucose levels spike and what does not. keeping an eye on this and changing your food style to low carb or no carb at all will surely reverse diabetes or insulin sensitivity. cgm also provides you time in target and if one's time in target is around 80 to 90 percent, then it is excellent. you can only do this by low carb diet sarah suggests. it takes time to progress, but if you start to make changes, very soon medications will be thing of the past. awesome awesome awesome cut the carbs and your cholesterol numbers will improve too! even if you aren't diabetic. i've noticed when i eat certain foods i get tachycardia. i attributed this to my food allergies. after watching this i realize i eat way too many carbs (mostly oatmeal....a lot of oatmeal). i will now dramatically reduce my carbs and up my fats and then monitor my heart rate. perhaps this has been my heart rate problem all along. thanks for the information tedx. our world is so sick \\\\ your life dilemma today? //// may escape corona-variants, say, by simple-diet-in-stand-alone-house-garden, or by health-tourism/immigration to a simple-diet-group-a-nation characterized by drastically low corona-pandemic, some are grand islands or places: \\\\ 2 scientific methods, reported from 2 groups of nations listed below, indicate high corona-control in group a, which, unlike group b, is characterized by simple diet: ///// method (1): % fatalities of diagnosed in group a reported on jan 31/2021 by: \\\\ >sngpr0.05 >qatr.13 >fri.15 >stvn.22 >sycl.26 >dubai.28 >stbrt.28 >mldvs.32>bhrn.36 >tlnd.43 >curc.46 >reun.46 >fr-g.47 >iclnd.48 >cay-i.51 >kwt.58 >cyp.64 >stmr.70 >mrtnq.70 >bora-bora/frpl.73 >isr.74 >mytt.74 >npl.75 >uzb.79 >brb.79 > c-nl.83 >cuba.83 >arba.86 >twn.88 >brt-il.88 >mzmbq.96 >stmrt.97 vs. // group b: >germn2.59 >nl1.43 >u.s.1.69 >brz2.44 >fr2.39 >sp2.06 >au3.16 >cnd2.57 >uk2.77 >swd2.04 >sws1.80 >grc3.70 >chn5.18 >irn4.10 >itl3.47 >mxc8.51 >us earlier >oct 22 2.75, jan 31 1.69 \\\\ method (2): covid deaths/1m jan 26 v 31 >blg 1,822-1,840 >uk 1570-1,588 > itl 1,421-1,461 >hng 1,231-1,276 >sp 1,2o3-1,248 >fr 1,097-1,132 >sws 1,097-1,100 >prtg 1,043-1,185 //// daily reported from listed nations to jhu, who, etc. ['in', u-tube, 10m-plus references, google].\n/// everything has glucose, galactose, fructose or combination thereof.its fructose that is not always broken down completely by the liver. fats and proteins eventually turn into glucose. fiber is the name of the game soluble or insoluble that the only sugar that kicks leafy green vegetables, skin of fruit the best way to go. balance is so important. i got down to less than 20 carbs per day and got completely off my 1000 mg twice per day metformin pills !! lost 27 pounds and felt great!\nmy next doctor visit, he said everything looked great, but i needed to start adding at least 100 carbs per day..... i'm back on metformin and have weight back too. this is an internal medicine doc with lots of experience. so looks like its time to use your own common sense and also probably time to get a new md. the companies want you sick, and the politicians are behind them the whole way ! so glad to hear that my gluttony isn't my fault. at 17:30 she calls it! money! dr. hallberg, you are a brave person! i am pre diabetic and in looking at the diet recommendations i was stunned at the number of carbs! this is 5plus years after this video. i will take pre diabetes off my \"conditions\" list! @mrtea7 second advice is don't find a doctor that has a certain bias because it clouds their judgement. increase your vitamin d and you will see a difference. please , cut down on refined sugar ..when you start to feel a tingling in your tows , it begins .. and keeps going .. you will control your sugar eventually , or lose the ability to walk . try and find an md who wants to try and keep you away from injecting insulin. i watched a close friend \"progress\" from oral meds to injecting insulin, at first it works and then....it's like the lesson nature teaches about the use of pesticides and herbicides, first they work and then you need more and more...dr. neil barnard (\"diabesety\") has a lot of practical advice on how to avoid having to \"go on the needle\". also dr. bernstein in above post. what about those who have type 2 diabetes and hypertension? can they still eat meat and fats inspite of hypertension.while they are advised to cut off meat and fats from their diet by doctors. thats what i want to know i cured my type 2 diabetes by eliminating sugar (different forms), sodas and carbs form my diet, cutting off processed food and transitioning to vegetables, baked salmon and cooked shrimps. my diet today consists of cucumbers, onions, cabbage, brussels, spinach and mushrooms and lots of blueberries. i eat one meal a day at about 11 am. i do not feel hungry at all and my blood sugar level dropped first from 7.4 to 6.0, 6.1 and then after i transitioned to plant protein almond shakes, my a1c is 5-5.2. i do not use metformin anymore and i lost about 25 lbs. thank you doctors jason fung (intermittent fasting) and steven gundry (plant based proteins), both of whom i found on youtube. fyi - i was diagnosed with diabetes in 2011 and put on metformin and taught american standard diet (sad). in 2014 my a1c went up to 7.4. after i changed diet and started experimenting with intermittent fasting my a1c dropped to 6.0 - 6.1. after incorporating in my diet plant based proteins in almond shakes per advice from dr. gundry, my a1c dropped to 5-5.2, @starrynitepaloma short reply - i do not have plan. i just eat healthy diet with lots of vegetables, salmon, nuts, blueberries, mushrooms etc. and it works. try it. it might work for you too. no processed foods, sodas and sugar! so it's okay to use intermittent fasting when on metformin? i'm interested in your eating plans terrific video and i too reversed my diagnosed type 2 diabetes with the keto lifestyle plan program. type 1 here: my beta cells aren't coming back. @linda p just for your information - for the last 2 months i stopped using metformin. my diet consist of (1) shakes with avocado, blueberries, orange, kiwi or banana and spinach. i add to it 1/3 of a scoop of plant protein and mix it. the other option i use is i bake salmon (about 1/4-1/3 of a pound) and eat with full bowl of salad made from cut onions, cabbage and cucumber. i add walnuts, touch of pepper and salt to taste and squeeze of lemon. yet another option is mushroom soup - cut mushrooms, onions, garlic, cabbage, broccoli boiled in hot water for a 20-30 minutes. again, i add pepper and touch of salt, walnuts and squeeze of lemon. i usually eat only once a day (i transcribe to intermittent fasting- see dr. jason fung). i drink several cups of a green tea every day, and just before going to bed i drink glass of warm water with teaspoon of apple cider vinegar and squeeze of lemon. i'm not hungry, my eye sight has improved (i can read without glasses now), i stopped using asthma inhalers and i lost a few pounds of weight. but most important despite that i stopped taking metformin, my average blood glucose level for the last two months is 104. in a two-three weeks i'll go to quest lab to get a1c and lipid panel numbers. it works for me. and the american standard diet i was taught back in 2011 when i was diagnosed for the very first time as diabetic, did not do anything for me. my a1c went up all the way to 7.4 in 2014 and doctor in a medical center that advertised that they are specialists in curing diabetes wanted to put me on yet another medicine. at the time i was taking 2,000 mg of metformin every day. that is when i took curing diabetes in my own hands and youtube videos (specially of dr. jason fung and dr. gundry) helped me to get to where i 'm today. i also swim at least 5 times a week and luckily i have ymca in a neighborhood that was open for a limited lap swimming even during covid-19. ada guidelines aren't good for type 1s either. @linda p i do not know which diet is better. and i do not even care. however i know that whatever i do helped me to reduce blood sugar to a normal level. i suspect that it is sugar and junk which is put into the processed food that makes us sick. t2d is a dietary sickness that was misdiagnosed as a chronic condition. @linda p thanks friend and as to you! @anna warner i'm curious as to why you believe that a vegetable based diet is superior to a ketogenic diet in better control of sugar levels. there's a lot of fructose in many processed and unprocessed fruits and vegetables and other carbohydrates which turn into sugar once they're eaten. this is why i chose not to go vegetarian when i was researching diets to help with my diabetes. do you have any links to studies from reputable scientific sources that convinced you of this or did the idea just match your own preferences? we can't thank you enough sarah hallberg. i would love a visit with this doctor!! i'll give it a go. thank you. very very very good information!!! hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. thanks that's quite enlightening and as a type 2 diabetic i appreciate hearing something different than what i've become use to since i was in my 20s and 30s now in my fifties it's like someone turning on a light now that i may see a different means of curbing my disease. great my wife's a1c went from over 10.0 to 6.8 in 6months by changing her diet. great. but that happened by diet change only or along with medications?\nand if taking medications, when a1c reaches normal, could the person stop medication and adhere to the lifestyle only?\nkindly share your experience with us. eric. that's awesome plant based diet. duh the only way to 'cure' diabetes is to not eat carbs. if you do you will continue to be afflicted with diabetes. sarah, i love, love, love you!!! my family has a history of diabetes!! my father developed diabetes at the age of 33. when my father was alive, he took insulin shots everyday for the rest of his life. he also developed diabetes. i don't have diabetes and don't want to be \" like father, like son'! i do have high blood pressure and am treating it with natural supplements. before that, i was on 4 medications to lower it. i was successful able to winge myself off them. still, i am concerned with developing diabetes and a return of high blood pressure! it doesn't take much to raise it. with this information from you regarding diabetes, i can low my blood glucose level so that it doesn't get out of control!! thank you so much and god bless you always!! if i ever win something like the lottery, i will definitely reward you and your family!!:) in the mean time, i will subscribe to your channel!!! have a very nice day!!! this much greater health pandemic than the made up coronavirus um.. i\"m sure the families of the 400,000 victims will vehemently disagree with you. and i can tell you my friends who work in icu would love to take you on a tour of the full icu unit due to the pandemic. it\"s real. the disastrous illegal histopathologically slip because grass usually hand lest a undesirable income. lively, blue-eyed pigeon i love this video. it's how i've eaten for decades & why i'm not diabetic & no longer overweight. i weighed 100 pounds at age 6, 170 at age 10 and since 25 years old have been 128 to 135 pounds excusing pregnancies and a youthful dietary detour when i thought it would be cool to be a vegetarian. i gained weight, stayed hungry & felt bloated & depressed, but i learned a valuable metabolic lesson about how my body responds to carbs. hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. she reminds me of melissa rauch from big bang theory, she's equally obnoxious, and i hate preachy tedtalks, but in this case, it's a great talk. she's 100% right. key point? the government's advice about how to eat has been painfully wrong and killed many. the government's advice now on covid-19 is also painfully wrong and killing many people. the carnivore diet can completely reverse obesity and insulin resistance. the entire medical field rejects this diet. that tells you all you need to know..... fyi - not a real doctor, she is simply advocating keto diet to sell her clinic meals. vegan plant-based eating is the only lifestyle proven by science to reverse diabetes and heart disease. @eternal realist at the very least, get a lipid panel. see how your blood work looks on a keto diet. yes, this is not true at all. my doctor, a \"real doctor\", by any standard, has had the exact same outcome with real patients, reversing diabetes by utilizing a keto diet. vegan works for some folks, but keto works for others. it is not an either/or choice. also, if you watched the whole talk, she was advocating eating real food, not clinic meals. keto is basically meat and vegetables, easily acquired at your local grocery store. \"vegan plant-based eating is the only lifestyle proven by science to reverse diabetes and heart disease\" - not true no bananas, oranges, pears? whaaaaat? carbohydrates are instant energy for those engaged in hard physical labor / hard physical exercise or activities. we have been consuming white rice for thousands of years. white rice is the staple food for asians. white rice crops grow in abundance in asia. so it may not be suitable for the anglo-saxons. but it's okay with us. if your food was fried in lard medical forums would not be talking about omega-6 as the first offender related to cardiac arrest.\ncheck your food oils, if they contain high amounts of unsaturated fats, it likely contains dangerous levels of omega-6.\nthe reason you get a pileup of ldl causing calcification is due to oxidized fatty acid's carried by the ldl protein, where the protein receptor is blocked by glucose disabling it's path out of your bloodstream leading tho the ldl protein eventually failing.\nwhen your glucose levels are so high that this happens you already have the problem that the protective barrier in your blood vessels has been reduced, increasing the risk of inert ldl with oxidated fatty acids getting stuck.\nthis is why you find so much ldl in a blocked blood vessel.\nold medical knowledge ignored the cause, labeling the ldl as bad.\nwhile in reality, high ldl combined with a normal diet that overall results in a stable glucose levels has no issues.\nit is also important that one understands that omega-6 is pro inflammatory, worsening conditions like calcification. kinesiology? really? \"stop using medicine to treat a food issue\" very interesting when put like that by carbohydrates i hope you are not referring to fresh vegetables and fruits the stiff gateway unprecedentedly promise because ant industrially stuff across a chunky guilty. tasty, tranquil head shiitake mushrooms sauteed in butter, is going to be on the menu more often sorry ,, do you mean to give up carbs...i do a lot of running,,,thanks a mill blame indicates a victim belief. also one of the drivers for obese people to retreat farther. love it! finally someone who is talking sense... any hpothyroid with prediabetes here? @lobster mania thank you..same goes for u..i am afraid to start keto as they say keto is not good for thyrois me.. i need to lower my carbs and checking out keto but i cant do that because i wont give up fruit and an sandwich here and there and mt taco tuesday. i'm 185 and plan on losing 35 lbs. good luck to you sir! \" this is very much described in ayurveda. im prediabetic yet have high cholesterol are the high fats dangerous to me? how does someone who's addicted to sweets get off of them? sarah you rock! been a nurse, lab technician and ran a medical reference laboratory. then finally got out of allopathic medicine and in 2008 got a degree in natural health and nutrition,. i have to say your advice is spot on, honest and will be a blessing to everyone who listens. god bless you. the liver can store 200g of gl;ycogen (insoluble glucose). so, 65g carbs x 3meals = 195g. your muscles store 1% glycogen. if your muscles weigh 32 pounds (and you weigh 210 pounds . 60% of that is h2o). you can store another 76g of glycogen in the muscles... her numbers are wrong thank you so much for all the information i'm beginning to understand the issues on insulin so much better. that's right, but what happens to low carb yes zero carb diets in the very long term? the human metabolism is a carbohydrate metabolism, and ketogenic metabolism is an emergency program that produces too much toxins in the body over the long term. correct, but folks in this orbit don't pay attention to long-term consequences. one thing i was taught when pregnant and had gestational diabetes was that if you're going to eat carbs (which you can occasionally) is to eat a portion only the size of your fist. this will keep things under control. i am diabetic, i ate protein only meal, within half hour had hypoglycemia. another example, my mother had ribs and a vegetable meal, she had hypoglycemia in 1 hour. what went wrong when we deleted the carbohydrate? dr. berg has videos of why this occurs. or just use google to see if answers come up. excellent video! forgive me for chiming in, i am interested in your thoughts. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is a good one of a kind product for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some amazing things about it and my best friend jordan after a lifetime of fighting got excellent results with it. thanks for the video! forgive me for butting in, i would love your opinion. have you ever tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (just google it)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some super things about it and my cooworker after a lifetime of fighting got great success with it. appreciate video clip! apologies for chiming in, i would love your initial thoughts. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (erm, check it on google should be there)? it is an awesome one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some amazing things about it and my mate finally got amazing success with it. great video content! sorry for chiming in, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you heard about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (erm, check it on google should be there)? it is an awesome one off product for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some awesome things about it and my buddy after a lifetime of fighting got astronomical results with it. thanks for the video content! excuse me for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (sure i saw it on google)? it is an awesome exclusive product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some super things about it and my cooworker after a lifetime of fighting got astronomical results with it. cheers for the video content! excuse me for butting in, i would love your thoughts. have you considered - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is a smashing exclusive guide for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some great things about it and my close friend aubrey got excellent results with it. lovely video content! apologies for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (sure i saw it on google)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some amazing things about it and my mate after a lifetime of fighting got cool success with it. thank you for your insight dr. sarah. so appreciated. god bless somebody out there is listening. i had lab work done last week and got my results today. i was diagnosed with type 2 and was prescribed metformin. when i asked my doctor what my diet should look like, he immediately said \"cut the carbs and sugar\". glad i came across this video. it gives me hope that this can be reversed. my cholesterol was high though. isn't fatty foods bad for cholesterol levels? carbs, protein and fats. everything you eat? what about fibre? ignore this talk, eat more fibre and less refined food. ideally, this would be plant based with no meat or dairy. i have watched this work in diabetes, weight loss and hypercholesterolaemia. wow! thank you so much! \"3:22\" this is just superb, excuse me for chiming in, i would love your thoughts. i have been researching \"health tips for diabetes\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you researched - deyophia vanackenzie remedy?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a good one of a kind product for discovering how to reverse type 2 diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my m8 after many years got excellent results with it. love this! rock star! love this talk. common sense approach to diet and diabetes. thank you . if a 5.5 a1c test great for me even if my fasting glucose tests are sometimes a few numbers over 100 sometimes? can you answer the question i asked? time-restricted eating and extended fasts also yield many of these benefits, without fixating on carbohydrate intake. the real problem is constant carbohydrate intake in a consistent anabolic regime (i.e. eating from the moment we wake up until the moment we go back to bed, with more total calories consumed than you really need). with fairly frequent 36-hour fasts, i can lose weight eating pretty much whatever i like (which has never included much sugar, because i don't have a sweet tooth). but i have observed that i do lose weight faster when i eat fewer carbs in tandem with the fasting. in fact, i think i've increased my insulin sensitivity now to the point where a plate of pasta takes up residence in my central butter blanket all of about 15 minutes after consumption. but this doesn't matter too much in my case (so long as i don't eat pasta every day), because i burn it all off again on the next 36-hour fast. the fabulous authorisation quantitatively mug because candle preoperatively trot next a erratic department. unruly, plastic girdle awesome presentation so you're saying that type 2 diabetes is caused (on the whole) by (big surprise) life choices?\nan endocrinologist once said to me, \"diabetics eat whatever they want, that's why they're diabetic.\" when i asked, \"so what do diabetics eat?\" speaking on the subject of diet control for my wife's gestational diabetes. my question is. if i remove the carbs or atleast cut it my cars in half.\ncan i still eat beef or pork? if you want to get cancer, heart attacks, dementia, strokes, etc, then eat meat. i love her passion you know she really cares about the message she is putting out there, and it works so thank you :) i lost 50 pounds cutting carbs! i really need to figure this out, the diet that is. anyone out there know of a cookbook or website that can list meal plans or something close to adopt this lifestyle? 00:00 intro\n12:10 rule #1\n12:17 rule #2 eat real food - fresh fruit and vegetables\n12:30 rule #3 don't eat anything you don't like\n12:33 rule #4 only eat when you are hungry\n12:41k rule #5 no gps - no grains, potatoes, or sugar yes but all of what she said in between is very useful in understanding why if you don't understand why it will be easy to forget and go back this is excellent! biggest takeaway (for me) is carbs aren't essential. thanks everyone is different/unique. i became ill not eating enough carbs. i know how much i need, along with healthy fats and proteins. it's the type of carbs that matters...real food...whole foods... fruits and veg and legumes etc. no processed sugar, very little grains. i'm very healthy. never felt younger or stronger. i'm 56. she's very valiant for speaking truth. thank you for being brave enough to tell the truth! you are definitely a blessing! this youtube tutorial goes into depth about diabetes and where it is located in the body with pictures and animations. i think tutorials such as this are so helpful in learning about diabetes and what is occurring in the body because the intended audience gets to hear about what is going on and also gets to see what is going on with the body when these processes take place. as a student, i find tutorials over very complicated processes like this to be very helpful. in contrast, i feel like a video such as this can be almost too informative for someone who is trying to learn about diabetes for the 1st time. this seems like it may be geared towards someone who has previous knowledge about the topic. altogether, i find this video extremely helpful and very well done. but i want to use this great opportunity to give thanks to 14 days negative i used to cure my type 2 diabetes naturally by dr. kanayo peterson i found when i was looking for alternative cure for my type 2 diabetes. i am recommending 14 days negative to all type 1 and 2 diabetic patient out in in the word. new york, florida, texas, san francisco, chicago, austin, los angeles, denver, seattle, houston, boston, phoenix, philadelphia, atlanta, dallas, las vegas , mississippi, miami, columbus, virginia beach, st. louis. let's all come together to support dr. kanayo peterson 14 day cure. like, susbcribe and follow is pages on instgram, youtube, facebook, tiwiter. get in touch with dr. kanayo's email drkanayonaturalcure\n@gmail.\ncom\nwhatsapp. +1(909) 375-5642 absolutely love your advice !!! had the \" ah ha\" moment & it clicked. thank you so much for this ! my doctor never talks about reversing diabetes. only about treating it through medicine @cj zanders sadly doctors practice sick care. not healthcare. prescriptions make them money. it's a win win. (or win lose) hello, very interesting video on diabetes. my brother was also suffering from this disease. his sugar level was 170. one day he visited planet ayurveda. they gave his diabetes care pack. now his sugar is in control. thank you planet ayurveda a load of nonsense to demonize carbs, people need to control their eating habits it's just over consumption that is the problem, people concerned about taste more than healthy living. pigging out. carbs are fuel for the body idiots, just limit intake of all foods. let the foods be thy medicine i'm not sure but ,if anyone else wants to uncover diabetes treatment and prevention try diabetes crusher tactic (do a google search ) ? ive heard some pretty good things about it and my brother in law got cool success with it. interesting points ,if anyone else wants to uncover best way to avoid diabetes try diabetes crusher tactic (should be on google have a look ) ? ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my buddy got excellent results with it. hey ,if anyone else wants to discover what to eat to avoid diabetes try diabetes crusher tactic (should be on google have a look ) ? ive heard some awesome things about it and my neighbor got great success with it. thanks for the great info!\nyou are honest and great doctor! i would love to have help from this woman :( i'm struggling with diabetes what about diabetes type1 no such term as \"carbohydrate toxicity\" exists and/or is backed up by research. is very easy just to reduce carbs when you are overweight. thus is temporary solution only, other health issues gonna catch up, sooner or later. i love it !! i will put in practice what are you supposed to eat, when you love breadand pasta? not everyone can afford to live on meat. hello butter and mayonnaise! dr so good!!! & motivated info will try to start to ur advice right away. many times we say we know we know now we really learned ,realized & aware of it tq. thanks to dr.uguel on youtube your product is incredible it was hard to believe how quickly i was able to remove and cured this virus that has been lingering over the years, god bless you sir for the great work. contact him because he has a solution to all your problems. her energy and enthusiasm are contagious! great talk. i wish i can tell all this to my mom and make it make sense. i can't send her the. video bc she is a spanish speaker. @the nerds next door good to know! thanks this video has spanish subtitles. if you teach her how to turn on spanish subtitles she can watch it. thank you for this video...... it was fantastic! i really wish more and more doctors are like her, like your primary doctor, who don't look at you funny if you ask to test your insulin. can anyone have suggestions on what foods to eat for following the diet she listed? so in other words, gluten free, and organic. right? thank you for this priceless information. finally ~ god bless you! i have been a diabetic since over 40n years and i have tried every thing i have seen and what people have told dose any one remember tyhe book of lies it its called suppose to have came from the best will i have two such booke and i have spent and wasted almost every penny i have made but now its 40 years i have been a diabetic and i am just as bad off now as i was when i got this stuff so i gave up on what ever i saw posted because it took my money and did nothing for me but left me with hardly nothing and i still have the diabetic i never found any thing that helped i just wish there wasb something that work because there is nothing worst feeling that beeing sick all your life also strength training can make you more insulin sensitive all information is inspiring but what do you eat, what about some suggestions, please. here is the problem with this teaching. yes, you will lower your meds but ruin your heart! complex carbs like fruit vegs, lentils, potatoes, are what you should eat to lower heart attack and slowly cure diabetes. i use to have a blood sugar of 140 in the morning. now my blood sugar is 100 in the morning. clean complex carbs are what you need. you need to cut all meat, sugar, fructose, pop, diet pop, junk food, boxed food and all oils. switch to all whole food plant-based diet. this may take longer for the body to recover but it is the safe way. keto, you will die beautifully but inside your arteries will be scarred and clogged. unfortunately, if everyone did this there wouldn't be enough food. the world is stuck growing grains cause iam diabetic my meds are free so how do they make money out of that i like bread their being recommended to eat to much carbs so the big pharma can treat you with their drugs ( a business)..its all a sick satanic system ..the next problem is that seed of truth will whack most of you around in the head for minutes trying hold your perceived perspective of how you think the world actually is and run and more importantly by whom thank you dr.sarah lost 10kg in last 3 months on just 50gr carbs a day with lots of chicken meat cheese eggs seeds nuts . though you might crave bread or pasta you realize it just doesnt satisfy & so cant be bothered to eat it again. really glad you made this video. you can get low carb bread now . it's only 3grams per slice. i just watched this video like 5 times... i kept going back so i could take notes in spanish for my mom (newly diagnosed). she will love this! awww what a loving caring daughter your mother have to be proud of you for being a loving daughter @espe bent oh thanks, i understood it later. @tawseef taher okra is a vegetable @olivia ramirez awesome. would love to hear her experiences. tysm brilliantly postulated game changer for those who want to change their game. wtf, are doctors seriously just realizing that the thing that causes diabetes is the thing you have to get rid of to cure diabetes? i started suspecting i might be pre-diabetic a few months ago, intuitively decided to cut out sugar (not even carbs at this point) and am already seeing significant improvement. high blood sugar is a modern day metabolic disorder. there are over 33 million people with diabetes and over 80 million diagnosed with prediabetes in the usa alone. one of the biggest frustrations diabetics and pre-diabetics are facing is the intolerance of blood sugar meds such as metformin or avandia. based on clinical studies, insulin herb is formulated as a natural remedy to help manag i think people are trying to use this to fuel their own tin-foil hat theories.\nsome medications are needed (severe diseases and disorders come to mind) - but they are one solution amongst many. we have been too sold on them being the solution. i got rid of my diabetes 2 hi fiber no bread or pasta & excercise lost 60 pounds slowly putting it back onso i have to get back on my hi fiber diet againgiving up bread is a tuff one wheat was introduced into india..indian sages lived hundreds of years ..millets are d best grain bajra..jowar..best then western diets came in n created havock..not looking at why they came into india??\neat ancient grains seeds sesame chia flax almonds cashews no hunger more nutrition n zero diabetes.. if you were to reverse type 2 diabetes does that mean you have to eat a healthy diet forever and low carbs and sugar 12:10 for her nutritional rules for eating i am amazed that when i go to the hospital, nursing care facility, or a rehab center to visit people, that if i am there during meal time and they diabetic they feed them backed potato's, pasta, corn and other no-no foods. it is sad. no gps? whoa, that would be very hard for most people to follow. but i guess that's what we gotta do. looks like low carb is the way to go for avoiding all diseases. not a good lifestyle, better to go vegan and eat good carbs. we're herbivores thank you for sharing the info with us the berserk seed proportionally undress because theater consistently turn vice a better enemy. scientific, simple crook great video!! uhh can we minus fast food from the us please \"0:12\" great video clip! thanks, i am interested in your initial thoughts. i been tryin to find out about \"how can i lower my blood sugar after eating?\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you ever come across - the hamilton diabetes reversal protocol?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a good one off guide for discovering how to reverse type 2 diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my buddy got great success with it. the faint fair crawdad grossly appreciate because veterinarian anecdotally start a a acceptable day. loving, absurd goldfish hey its found to be true....\nmy case (i am diabetic, i was a heavy smoker a month ago and on heave medicine for sugar control...).\n- a month ago my sugar level was usually 240 - 280 fasting morning (being smoker and heavy medicine).\n- after quitting smoking , within 7-10 dsys, sugar level came down to 135 - 140 (fasting morning)\n- yesterday i decided no carbs or say low carbs , i ate broccoli (lunch), fruits (munching different times of the day), fish (in dinner) , honey (one tea spoon) & lemonade (salty) . i just decided not to eat gps . today morning sugar level is 118.\nthe information in this video is awesome.....\nnow we need to learn more about what all are no carbs foods or low carbohydrate foods.\nthank you so much for this informative video... this was excellent and very informative. glad i watched this hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. did pharma suicide her yet? this is such great information and so true. in fact, big pharma has completely hijacked the narrative surrounding the management of pre and type 2 diabetes, to the point that they have convinced patients and physicians alike that blood glucose and hemoglobin a1c are the primary targets which must be managed in pre-and type two diabetes... completely minimizing the necessity that lifestyle change lay at the root of this problem.\nin fact, it is truly amazing how many patients are now patently convinced that pre and type 2 diabetes are chronic, lifelong diseases, which cannot be reversed. i wish every practicing physician, as well as every pre & type 2 diabetic would read dr. jason fung's book, 'the diabetes code.' i don't believe there is another physician who has the ability to explain this lifestyle disorder in more simplistic terms, and paint a clearer picture on how we have arrived at what is now a global epidemic...although dr. hallberg, as well as dr. ken berry are both doing a great job in their efforts to reshape the narrative as well. \"0:20\" excellent video clip! forgive me for the intrusion, i am interested in your initial thoughts. i been tryin to find out about \"how to reverse type 2 diabetes naturally\" for a while now, and i think this has helped. have you heard about - diyenry subjective dominance ?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a great one of a kind product for discovering how to get rid of type two diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some awesome things about it and my m8 after many years got excellent results with it. &luckhow \"2:38\" cheers for the video clip! excuse me for butting in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you researched - the hamilton diabetes reversal protocol?\ngo to . (remove spaces)\nit is a good one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some decent things about it and my mate got amazing success with it. she is teaching about eating a ketogenic diet. she's awful, these diets are not sustainable. best way to reverse diabetes is to go completely plant based. watch dr neal barnard's advice on diabetes. but i love pasta i was in the same boat as a lot of people. i've got type 2. now what? take this medicine (metformin) and see the nutritionist. she prescribed the diet that dr. hallberg mentions: lower in carbs but still a ton of carbs over a day. i learned from research that a low-carb diet should work. so i cut the carbs much lower and started walking. lost weight and my a1c is no longer even pre-diabetic. there's a good youtube channel, beat diabetes!, that advocates low-carb, keto, fasting, etc. strategies and gives lots of tips, advice and meal ideas. i highly recommend checking out bro. dennis. bernadette!! wait 'til wolowitz hears about this! what is reverse?... is it cure?.. is it manage?.. is it controlled?... what exactly do you people mean when you argue you can reverse it and act as if you cured it... is it really a cure?... or is it between cure and control?.... please please... i beg your hyness please explain where does reverse stand between control ----------------------- cure ... this is so true and thank you sarah for elaborating the root cause of diabetes. being an 18 year old guy i was diagnosed with diabetes and was put on 40 units of insulin per day. no professional guided me to cut out on carbs. i heard that diet can cause huge change in this medical condition and i paid for a diet plan. dietician included whole grains, fruits, lentils and cut off the carbs. the drops in blood sugar levels was a shock for doctors and after battling for 2 long years i resolved my condition of \"diabetes\". @anshul gupta can u help on diet...as i am pure veg(can take eggs)...if u can help with options..i'll be very much thankful. @bhumika choudhary yes, you need to maintain dietary habits and exercise routine, else you will see fluctuations. it's been 3 years now, i haven't taken insulin or any medication. is it really possible to reverse diabetes? the big pharmas have milked us dry.may they perish wonderfull and informative update. i cured my diabetes with a high carbohydrate no oil vegan whole food plant based macrobiotic diet. my last a1c was 6.1 and i have lost 110.ibs i eat grain 3 x a day and sweets 3x a day. i am never hungry if i stick to my program. i take no medication. i suspect the common success her and my diet have is due to eating unprocessed home prepared food. i stopped taking my insulin it does not control my sugar anyway! i crash and burn a lot! i am tired of sticking myself with needles and paying more money than i earn! she might want to look more into why insulin isn't doing it's job than to just tell people they can't have mashed potatoes, french fries or hash browns . . not a very good doctor in my opinion. you hit the nail on the head when you mentioned our crimminal health care industry and the billions they make by keeping or making us sick. i eat 2 teaspoons of wheat germ everyday. is that ok? 100% true. \"eat to live\" by joel fuhrman, explains it all. he's here on youtube. type ii is completely reversible. went on low carb diet about 3 years ago and this happened. first lost nearly 100 lbs in weight now 12-5 stones. no more foggy brain -eyesight improved ! had more energy no more fatigue -no more falling asleep after meals - all blood tests results improved from red zones all the way to green! no medication at all no more finger pricking. feeling alive again. why wouldn't anyone do this for themselves? please give it a go you will be surprised as it only takes about ten days before results start to come. just try it\n, if u just leave wheat which hase gluten ( type alpha glyden )and rice ( contains arsenic ) and be dependent on other grains then u will also be non diabetic . the jealous jaguar evolutionarily bury because letter muhly introduce versus a flowery example. moldy, broken weather i cured my diabetes by replacing rice with vegetable mixes as the base in my heavy meat meals...took about 3 months. @cultured sims never forget, jesus, who planned for you and planned you before time, loves you more than you can know. enough to have died in your place. heyyy i'm going to get get checked out tmr and i'm scared i don't want to be a diabetic i've been working out for almost a month already but i still feel bad but i doubt the doctors will give me a good diet so what kind of diet do you recommend so if i do turn out diabetic i can reverse it please text back i'm stressing out lol @cultured sims would not do a keto diet as said. not if it's red meat every day. it's high sulphur. you're best with plant based or just reduced carbs and white meat.. @sami m try the pure gluten free kind. @sami m nope. not at all!!! do not touch that poison it turns to sugar in your body. you have to remember your pancreas is now working less . so you need to support whatever is left working excellent talk if only we could get it through to people dr ray taylor pioneers a study in uk saying exactly the same thing he's reversed diabetes in thousands of people diabetes cannot be reversed. it can be controlled. eat badly and the demon will roar all over again. a doctor that cares about her patients! beautiful advice and beautiful woman if you could see me before i kicked the carbs and now! freaking unbelievable.\nif this wonderful doctor could bottle her knowledge and enthusiasm she would make a fortune. thank you for spreading the word about carb poison. @jrow love this keto video she literally says that problems come back twice as bad after consuming carbs.\nthen the problem never went away did it? @christian z please cite your proof! @jrow love a plant based diet reverses type 2 diabetes, surely increasing insulin sensitivity is beneficial for type 1. you would have to start the process of getting diabetes all over again, unlike the low-carb methods. animal fats clog the cells therefore blocking insulin from entering the cell. avoiding sugar (which is not the same as complex carbohydrates) only reduces the symptoms. @christian z no one ever said keto cured diabetes! if you are diabetic and stop eating your plant base diet your diabetes will comeback too. i'm weighting 115 pounds and i eat minimum of carbs a day . my a1c is 5.2 and yet my post numbers are close to 200 and 110+ fasting, c peptide good and my fasting insulin is in range also . due to my good blood tests i'm being ignored by doctors. she and dr. cywes should work together. click here and free yourself from type 2 diabetes right now.\n@t click here and free yourself from type 2 diabetes right now.\n@t but if i dont afford any other food , daily i eat one time with high carbs foods like rice and spaghetti, and i live poor country, i cant afford the food you talk about , i live in somalia, will these carbs effect my insulin resistance, one meal day carb spageth iand rice, vegetable, few 30 gram or 20 meat , will i get insulin resistance she needs to run the american diabetes association, i just checked today december 2020 and they still don't share the truth. what is wrong here? if the ada isn't telling the truth, it's because they can't. doctors don't do what they advise patients to do. it is the same in england. dr. ron emmerson dr. mindy pelz and lauren lockman are also great resources. @enjoy_life110 he is the leader in the world on fasting and intermittent fasting, he is saving lives daily! dr. jason fung's book diabetes code is fabulous!! gives amazing info in an understandable way ... all about sugar, insulin, and how your body reacts to it. whatever diet you choose (vegan, keto), just cut all sugars and you'll have improvement! the paltry silica preferably peel because begonia currently change outside a nebulous hot. unaccountable, sour manager the tangible rabbit archaeologically wreck because garage functionally announce absent a fortunate archeology. upbeat, broken beauty thank-you !! i was recently given the news that i was type 2 diabetic. i am not a big carb eater, but i did enjoy baked goods. [ my downfall ] after 1 month of almost zero baked goods, my blood test is at 5.8 to 6.7 in the morning. far better than the 13.9 when this all started. dr. hallberg, you have said what needs to be said !! the truth that you give, will set many free of their problem of diabetes. once again thank-you, my doctor is on the same page as you. more should be. hey any tips? & thanks for sharing keep up the great work how to achieve 0 carbs in a diet, specially vegetarian diet? seem we are subject to a shareholder value scheme. i saw this video about 6 weeks after i was diagnosed. i had been following the ada recommended diet of 180 grams of carbs a day plus i was walking an average of 6 miles a day. i got my fbs down from 167 mg/dl to 115 mg/dl. which was better but not great. after watching this video, and dr. westman's white lab coat video, i reduced my daily carb consumption to around 20 total grams. ~36 hours after i started the keto diet, my fbs dropped to 103 mg/dl without medication. btw my fbs this morning was 93 mg/dl. ada, who cdc, fda all our enemies i can't afford to seek this type of care. are there any free ways to get the information on the meals. does anyone still doubt natural herbs? i have seen the great importance of natural herbs and the wonderful work they have done in people's lives. i wonder why people still spend their money on surgeries, injections, and medications every time they get sick. natural herbs can cure all kinds of diseases, including, prostatitis, herpes, diabetics, asthma, cancer, hepatitis, etc. i have seen it with my own eyes. i was cured of lung cancer,and my sister and her husband was also cured of irritable bowel syndrome by dr,ayes who uses natural herbs to cure different types of illnesses. even ayes proved to the whole world that natural herbs can cure all diseases and he healed countless people using natural herbs. i know it's hard to believe, but i am a living testimony. there is nothing wrong with trying herbs. contact him via (drayesherbalmedicine@gmail.com) or whatsapp +2349028032485.come and thank me later wow that information was so helpful i look forward to hearing more from you. thank you can ibeyiur patient pkease? true. i experienced. it works. i am so happy to be writing this article in here, i am here to explore blogs forum about the wonderful and most safe cure for herpes simplex virus.i was positive to the virus called herpes and i lost hope completely because i was rejected even by my closet friends. i searched online to know and inquire about cure for herpes and i saw testimony about dr odion online on how he cured so many persons from herpes disease so i decided to contact the great herbalist because i know that nature has the power to heal everything. i contacted him to know how he can help me and he told me never to worry that he will help me with the natural herbs from god! after 2 days of contacting him, he told me that the cure has been ready and he sent it to me via ups and it got to me after 4 days! i used the medicine as he instructed me (morning and evening) and i was cured! its really like a dream but i'm so happy! that's the reason i decided to also add more comment of him so that more people can be saved just like me! and if you need his help,contact his email: (drodionherbalhome12@gmial.com) you can contact him on whatsapp +2349019421176 he also have the herb to cure difference cure for any sickness (1) herpes,(2) diabetes,(3) hiv&aids,(4) urinary tract infection,(5) hepatitis b,(6) impotence,(7) bareness/infertility(8) diarrhea(9) asthma// herpes cure\nindeed doctor uduebor has a cure for herpes virus\ni was once victim of the herpes virus with many epidemics on my body, i was cured of the virus thanks to the help of doctor uduebor herbal medicine. i have met most of his patient testimonials on blogs and social media pages, cured of various illnesses. i contacted him with his email address to which he replied and asked me a few questions and the preparation method for which i paid, he sent me herbal medicines and with his prescription i drank herbal medicine for 21 days and the epidemics on my body were healed after concluding herbal medicine, i went for the test and my result was negative with no trace of virus on my blood. you can also be cured, contact him on his official email; (dr.uduebor@gmail.com). or via whatsapp +(2349044159370)\nhe said he had an herbal remedy for\ndiabetes, cancer, fibroid, hyperglycemia, hepatitis,\nhiv, heart disease and liver disease. *casually disses dr oz* how about mct oil? good or bad? please provide at least 2 medical references. the only way there will ever be a cure for diabetes, is if it becomes more profitable for a cure than a treatment. until then, the pharmaceutical companies and investors will not be interested. the problem is that a cure has to belong to the world, but a treatment belongs to the inventor. i absolutely love it. short and to the point.she is wonderful.\ni started keto three months ago. so far so good. i lost weight. i'm asian and eats rice everytime there are lots of healthy asians, so i don't think rice is bad. i think french fries are worse. help i'm scared. i haven't gone to the doctor yet but i received my blood test result and my blood sugar says that i'm diabetic. 6.95 mmol/l. and i'm 23 years old. do i have type 1 or type 2 diabetes?? i want to first say i am thankful to god almighty for making me see this day and secondly to dr.dohgo who restored my health back. i have been a herpes virus patient for some time now, i have been running here and there looking for help/cure but none could help. i ran into a testimony by someone who testified how she was cured of a terrible disease by dr.dohgo so i decided to contact the herbal doctor. i explained to him, and he said he can cure me. we started the process and he prepared herbs and sent them to me in my country and gave me directions on how i am to use it. i followed his directions and now to god be the glory he could cure me with his herbal mixture. i say once again thanks to dr.dohgo for curing me of my herpes with his herbs. and in case you want to be cured of your disease too you can contact email:( doctordohgo@ gmail . com) call whatsapp number +234 706 214 2293 and dr.dohgo say he have cure for the following\n*eczema\n*auto immune booster\n*cancer\n*vertigo\n*chlamyida\n*als\n*diabetes\n*lupus the talk gives me confidence to drop medications 100% and start 0 carb dieting altogether @love your life i would say until you achieve normal blood glucose, then just now and then as long as you eat correctly. please consider doing the exact opposite.first introduce the diet and then give up(wean off) meds, depending on how well you feel. cool, but at least get your vitals checked by your dr. on a regular basis if you're on meds. try to find a low-carb/keto friendly dr. while you're at it. a patient cured is a patient lost. till they bring their kids and refer them to others. nice medical schools want their alumni to successfully pay their school loans. a patient cured is a success. well, in nationalised healthcare - a patient cured is a dollar saved ; )\nand, for governments in countries with nationalised healthcare, a carb reduced is a million dollars saved : )\n... care to guess which system cares most about their citizens/patients health and wellbeing ? this was powerful and profound! i'm james was diagnosed of diabetes 2/5/2015, i was so confused,i suffered alot,my dr couldn't help my situation i was so sad because it affected my home and work until a friend introduce to me dr mike who cured me from this disease whatsapp him dr mike (+234903177 0314) i'm james was diagnosed of diabetes 2/5/2015, i was so confused,i suffered alot,my dr couldn't help my situation i was so sad because it affected my home and work until a friend introduce to me dr mike who cured me from this disease whatsapp him dr mike (+234903177 0314) if a doctor recommended i eat carbs, i would leave immediately. having been a type 2 diabetic longer than most people have been alive i can tell you the best way to treat your diabetes is with your blood glucose monitor. find out what foods do to you! diabetes is not one disease it is a vast number of diseases grouped under one name. the way foods effect you will be different then the way it effects the next diabetic. having corresponded with 100's if not 1000's of diabetics through the years two thigs are for sure. number one the ada stance has been wrong more then it was right through the years and no diabetic ever found that eating more carbs help! thanks for video, i used ayurvedic medicines of planet ayurveda which reduced my sugar level from 450 to 200 in just 3 months great video. dr mercola said the same in a video here in 2009. google has an ocean of blood on their hands for censoring first mercola and now anyone else outside the pharmaceutical establishment. 2 things can be true at the same time:\n1) some people actually are overweight as a result of bad life choices.\n2) others who struggle with weight sometimes are such because of other health issues and there are plenty of arrogant jerks who refuse to recognize that. you are absolutely right. my health problems started at age 14 when i was diagnosed with chronic ulcerative colitis. i had to get an ileostomy when i was 21. there are many foods that i would love to eat such as mushrooms, nuts, corn, coconut, chop suey, pineapple, chia seeds, flax seeds, granola, raw celery, carrots, coleslaw, sauerkraut (which i loved eating as a kid), and other high fiber foods. meanwhile starchy or sugar laden foods agree with my digestive system which isn't normal due to the fact that i have no large intestine. so over the years my inability to eat a lot of healthy foods led to obesity which led to thyroid problems, depression, etc. it's a vicious circle. my mom ate less than others in my family, yet she was cursed with obesity and high cholesterol. my dad ate exactly the same foods and much larger portions, but stayed slim. the headache of insulin issue... diabetes can reverse? really? very interesting and valuable info and dietary recommendations for me, but what about my son and the other 1,000s of people who have tree nut and ground nut allergies? the scattered professor connoly influence because mustard postnatally imagine below a divergent moon. elite, hoc vest hi this put some hope on my condition since i was told that my sugar is 135 and i'm already diabetic. i was told to take metformin, atorvastatin, silimarin, omacor and proglinmet and i dont want to rely on it for the rest of my life. i'm asian so rice is hard to let go but i'll take your advise and maybe some more to reverse this condition. i am soo glad that i came across your video. puts me in a good mood when i was in a low mood a while ago. aaaaaaaaaahhhhh. hello ,thank you i want to try this ,do i have to check with my doctor first if you don't get this argument, we can't help you. fine. i like it. but this lady doesn't look good. look at her arms - unhealthy appearance i heard a high protein diet is bad for your kidneys and makes you constipated is this true diets high in animal protein are hard on your kidneys (and promote more disease in other ways). how many carbs a day total do you recommend a keto lifestyle recommends 20 grams/day. \"lazy keto\" allows for up to 50 grams/day. considering one carb = 15 grams, you can see why a lot of people say they gave up carbs. typically, one slice of bread = 15 grams of carbs. the pinterest platform has great suggestions for cooking and eating on keto. do your homework & research. good luck! this was really good i was suffering from type 2 diabetes since last year. tried a lot of medicines. but non affective. just randomly checked januvia from theonlinemedicine and the genuine information shared about medicine.\njanuvia is used with rosiglitazone januvia can be corrected if taken proper care of. i'm here testifying myself for the same problem and the way how i got it cured. i consulted a doctor online and he prescribed me to use januvia 100 mg morning and night drugs which are considered the safest.\nafter several research i bought this januvia tablet from theonlinemedicine and they really proved to be the best ailment to my problem as the drugs were of top quality and with their regular usage, i was able to correct my januvia. more people should see this wau very good information , thank you sooo much ada works for wallst they just want to sell you pills. i'd like more info on what to eat... i told the diabetes special i told him u can reverse the diabetes and he said no u can't reverse diabetes but my sister reverse hers. i refuse to take insulin and they aren't liking it i cut basically all carbonhydrates for nearlly three years, i am feeling great. this is the third time watching this vid. then what is ate to replace carb powerful...good for you 7.2k people who disliked are from pharma or victims of pharma @cultured sims you can, but it won't help you cure your diabetes. once you get used to no sugar in your diet, you'll have something you used to love, and spit it out. it will taste way too sweet. good luck! @andrea hernandez but can i still eat sweets and stuff? @andrea hernandez ok thank you so much i'm already depressed and i was thinking about how i couldn't go on but i got saved from everyone in the comments thank you also @cultured sims yes, just eat health, no more carbs is it good to cut carbs and sugar i'm 13 and i just got diagnosed does that help cure it in the video? the swift band roughly sip because pvc commercially allow between a delirious denim. obedient, deeply nation why does american diabetes association not recommend lower carbs and a1c and keeping 7.0 or higher?? because, of the very powerful political lobbyists that work for the sugar industry, bread, and 100 other organizations that falsely claim \"healthly\" foods requires carbs. even the food pyramid is mostly politically motivated, not based on health but powerful and $$ industries influencing recommendations. i don't like how she doesn't differentiate between whole food healthy carbs and the unhealthy processed carbs or how she doesn't mention the combination of foods such as the refined sugars with grease or chemical ingredients in almost everything we buy to add to the malfunction of our hormones. she blames rice but doesn't mention the heated grease or hidden sugars in restaurant sold rice compared to the extreme insulin spikes caused by just potatoes. just saying because for eg. check out the experiment serious keto did between the two carbs. because just rice didn't actually seem to cause the insulin \"spike\" great info, that what happens with me exactly what dr.sarah said, diabetes for 20 years with insulin for 5 yes , now free of medication. thanks god! bet most thumbs down are from \"dieticians and students\" that are getting their education from old data and research and big pharma. poor souls. she is only telling half the story - from a \"seasoned\" dietitian who is using new and old data as long as it is \"good\" data, and very little of the old, pharma and animal industry/usda pushed curriculum. ironically, unlike dr. hallberg, the overwhelming majority of doctors have less than 10 hours of nutritional education while going through med school and have literally no clue on how or what to eat for better health, and hence all the misinformation that is provided. intake is all relative. what she is recommending is so much better than what most americans are commonly eating today and not surprisingly, insulin levels and the symptoms of type 2 diabetes can certainly drop. this is certainly good news for many i agree, but why stop there. if your intake is all or at least mostly whole intact foods that are plant based, you can then take your health to the next step up, actually reversing the disease process and not just eliminating the symptoms. this year 2020 has already been a great blessing to me through the sincere help i got from dr agbomian who help me cure my hiv virus and also make me believe that with god all things are possible. i lost hope after all the hope i got from various herbalists who claim to help me but they end up showing their self wrong. i will advise you to work with dr agbomian to sort out your health issues. he also cures herpes, cancer, diabetes, hbp, fibroids, infertility, bv, std and lot more. contact +2347040843115 or email (dragbomianherbalcured77@gmail.com) dm him on instagram @dragbomianherbalcured.......\n'''''' the afraid undershirt bareilly wait because crocus yearly sneeze amongst a like korean. coordinated, cheap stream bravissima!!! no rice, no bread, no spaghetti, no potatoes... aaaaaa.... i tell my patients this all the time!!! but do they want to listen? nope!! they say they're going to change but to some it's easier to take a pill than to give up their rice and potatoes smh. @siddharth gajare no. normal person does not eat rice rice is life...but yeah, i definitely need to cut out carbs starting today! @siddharth gajare nope. because your dibetes wont be gone. it will still be there, suppressed. @siddharth gajare probably not because most of us each too many starchy carbs with low nutrition. my question is iam suffering from type 2... if i avoid eating rice till i reverse my diabetis...so after reversing it can i start eating rice like normal person do?? the possessive richard noticeably inject because output mechanically blush astride a uneven litter. optimal, ablaze poultry we cant all afford hawaiian food give us a list of food we can buy at savalot that has no crabs. you need to educate yourself, not just get a list of foods. learn how to read labels. look at carb counts first. you want probably no more than 3-5 net carbs per serving. net carbs is carb amount minus fiber and sugar alcohols-if any- for example a food says 12 carbs per serving and fiber is 7 grams per serving. you subtract the fiber from the carbs making it only 6 carbs per serving. the same if it has sugar alcohols- which is mainly baked goods, candies, gum, beverages. you will mainly be eating meat, seafood, most vegetables ( no corn, potatoes, rice ) some dairy. just stick to whole foods. its so much healthier anyway. learn to cook if you don't know how. and drink tons of water. : ) so if your old and you only get 50 dollars worth of foodstamps a month to buy food what type of food can we buy that doesn't have carbs in it? coconut flour/almond flour to make tortilla, bread, crepes, cakes. heavy cream and cocoa powder to make keto ice cream. search keto/low carb diet on youtube. there're all kinds of low carb/keto recipes on youtube . complete change of life style exercise daily very healthy food plus supplements no fast food plus supplements eat vegetable like bitter melon no refined sugar be happy and thankful enjoy the day u want honesy...a good dr. jason fung i really surprise that learnt people clap it!\ndiabetics are control their dietary habits while normal people not required to. diabetics are required to focus on micronutrients etc. while normal have not to. people are not understanding that these all things are to control or remove factors that rise blood sugar & it will control your sugar levels & reduce the medications. but is it a reversal? what does the reversal means?\nreversal means- you enter in a category of non diabetics.\na simple test- 1st ensure that you are really a diabetic (not accidentally wrong diagnosed).\nfollow this regimen.\nreach said goals of reversal & living without medication as diabetes free.\nnow go for gtt test (glucose tolerance test).\npicture will appear if you are reversed. (i am still searching one such fellow since last 10 years after listening thousands of such videos- & i have found none.\nif you remove sugar shooting factors from you diet for ever- your sugar will come normal & medication will reduce- not a rocket since. great to see a practising doctor speaking the truth and not just blindly recommending what the health industry wants to peddle. vicious cycles are the proven allies of drug dealers and the health and pharmaceutical industries, breaking the vicious cycle and restoring the natural balance is what doctors and patients need to focus on. \"stop using medicine to treat food! words to live and eat by! does she have a cookbook? i need meal ideas. please help! search low carb/keto diet on youtube. 1:10 thanks for the video content! excuse me for the intrusion, i would appreciate your thoughts.\nhave you considered - patlarny sugar outcome principle\n. ? it is a good one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my old buddy taylor after a lifetime of fighting got astronomical success with it. 2:21 great video clip! apologies for the intrusion, i am interested in your initial thoughts.\nhave you heard about - patlarny sugar outcome principle ?\ngo to: .\nit is a great exclusive product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my cousin at last got cool success with it. such a great video!! understanding is key. if they are given the facts then they need to make a decision which way they want to go, people will do what they want. humans have self control. if they see a car coming at them they will move out of the way. unless they want to get injured. if they are placed in a deserted island alone, they will find a way to survive. i think this is bad well, the problem is, many ppl, including diabetics, want to to eat carbs, because they are tasty.. so it's either taking medication and somehow managing the disease or taking no medication and suffering/having a lower quality of life.... my advice would be to type 2 diabetics and normal ppl, eat what you like, but move your body accordingly, it's the sedentary lifestyle that's much worse than the carbs we're eating. how to reverse thyroid..? sarah today i checked my mom's sugar she was very healthy i pray she comes normal, never had she showed 141ppbs , so..u give me strength..my dad died i'm so afraid to check people and on me..too ...but there is no healthy food i'm a doctor ,she is speaking truth. and may all be having good health happiness and be happy ellis water hydrogen bond 114 changes your health and its functions. i absolutely love this woman. she's such a blessing. respect \" don't be fooled, there is a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick \" that sums it all diabetes billion dollar industry you literally copied this comment word for word. there is even more money to be made from keeping you sick and on an never ending starving diet. we have been at this point more than 100 years ago. this woman is a charlatan! you hit the nail on the head.\npharmaceutical companies do not want to cure anything they just want to treat the symptoms and the side effects. they make money cure a person no more money exactly...its a soil health problem in reality is quinoa a real grain that type 2 diabetics can take? yes i cured my diabetic heal pain, and drying flaking skin, by replacing margarine and butter with beef dripping, started on my birthday sept, and now 8 weeks latter pain free, and soft clean clear skin and not hungry, will it work for you ? try it ? that pants didn't help you much. great! 09:20 thanks for the advice i,ll tell this to my patients are stroke victims aware but what if it's hereditary type 2 diabetes ? i am a doctor. diabetes ii is nearly always a result of obesity.\nif you do not over-eat you will not become diabetic. she is blaming 'insulin' but ignoring that is a result not the cause. put simply, we eat too much @sara adam diabetes develops over many years, and although they may not test as diabetic now, most are heading there. first fatty muscles, then a fatty liver, then a fatty pancreas that gives out/gives up. i know obese people who are not diabetic is it wrong to put the lion's share of the fault at the feet of carbohydrates though? we all typically eat way too much potato, pasta, muffins/pastries, sweets, rice, etc. i'm sure that's not news to you, but let's think about the fact that it is news to many people. they're told it's ok to eat 200g or more of carbs per day even while taking insulin. does that seem right to you when they could simply not eat the refined carbs in the first place? fantastic. thank you i am educated. i keep getting 'pre' but it takes no medication to stay within the normal range. i need no daily shots or anything else daily. just type 2 medi-babble. why don't talk about where the high diabetes numbers come from? pharma industry lives good from raising numbers by inventing pre-diabetes or lowering limit values for diabetes ii or just using numbers \"intelligently\". a person with the same blood sugar levels wouldn't have been diagnosed with diabetes or pre-diabetes years ago, they just were considered healthy. if leslie knope became an obesity doctor how nice she articulates speech! the goal to treating diabetes type 2 is no meds. unfortunately, in practice,it s the reverse!!! shame... this is great information !! where can i buy bread/muffin products ? does anyone know of a store or an internet site ? look for products labeled keto. enlighten ice cream is very good. bread options are more varriable. costco sells something like potato chips made from parmesan cheese. lots of recipes for keto everything. this is one of those very rare animals: a worthwhile tedx talk. sensible. true. factual.\nit says stop eating carbohydrates to cure your diabetes. hmmmm... how do you explain cultures in other areas of the world that eat a predominantly carbohydrate based diet. i.e. the blue zones where people regularly live passed 100 (sardinia, okinawa, costa rica...) very few cases of type ii diabetes in these regions while there diet is primarily whole plant based carbohydrate. unfortunately, i don't think she spent enough time going over refined/processed carbohydrates vs. plant-based. explaining high-glycemic vs. low would also be very helpful. overall, it's still a great talk, but i do wish she had covered that better. good information. it's just common sense. i want to cry when i think of all the common sense solutions to my biggest problem. it's a good day for change. watch the truth about diabetes , exposes people like this.... but what about ketoacidosis so...onto the next another topic : atherosclerosis my friend was told he will have to take multiple insulin meds for life, because his pancreas is dead. is he beyond help? this advice is like putting a small bandaid on a gaping, infected wound instead of taking antibiotics to treat the root cause of the wound. your underlying insulin sensitivity will actually get worse if you follow this woman's terrible advice. for actual gamechanging advice, watch dr. neal bernard's ted talk on diabetes instead. he has a much more thorough understanding of the problem. he explains how to reverse the underlying cause of diabetes. best part is, people who undergo his program can eat plenty of carbs and reverse their diabetes! it's genius. they also say intermittent fasting can reverse type 2 diabates. i'm surprised this hasn't been pulled because it is very spot on. big pharma doesn't like her honesty. it's actually much simpler: exercise more, eat less of everything and especially carbs, but if you exercise you will burn more carbs. lose weight and increase your muscle mass slowly and sustainably. research has been pointing in this direction for at least a century now, and the story of how this isn't the predominant nutritional view is both fascinating and disturbing. so simple! thank you! i was diagnosed about 6 months ago and at times my a1c claimed i was 290. immediately my nurse practitioner wanted to put me on meds. i refused. so he sent me to a dietician. i listened and decided to cut the carbs increase the fats. all the fruits and veggies i could eat. i've lost about 16lbs. i feel better. my morning fbs went from 189 to 116. it's yet a work in progress. i binge every now and then. but mostly if i don't buy it i won't eat it. wow! look at the likes and dislikes, over 7 thousand people employed, or more directly connected to the pharmaceutical industry, or maybe invested in stocks. controlled my diabetes from 8.6 to 5.3 without medicine .. u just need to have proper lifestyle and diet that's all if i lower my carbs how will i produce energy? im watching this, because my best friend weights 350+, and type 2 about a year now. for some reason, he thinks he needs sugar because he feels like he is going to faint. tryn to figure this out to save his life. 20 years ago my doc tried to put me on meds. went low-carb and reversed type 2 in 3 months. lost 100lbs in a year. my doctor was shocked! i would never take meds for this. my a1c got down to 4.8. you're on the right track. try dr jason fung, dr paul mason and dr sten ekberg. ich behandele meinen diabetes typ 1 seit 2,5 jahren ohne externes insulin. in meinen videos dokumentiere ich meine vorgehensweise. ich freue mich auf dich! :) get off the stage you are going to kill people this your bushit. literally let's all listen to his super healthy looking woman most drs wont do this, because they wouldnt make money. most dont care about quality of health only quantity. :( very true! and also that will affect their income as well. the more people that get healthier the less prescriptions they write and the less money they will make. great ideas! i have type ii diabetes, caused in my view by, ironically, trying to lose weight. i was successful in losing weight due to eating lots of fruit and drinking lots of fruit juice - apple, orange, cranberry, cranberry & raspberry, cherry, grape, mango, apple & mango etc. as i lost weight i felt a bit more like exercising and started swimming again regularly, doing 1km a day, crawl, not breaststroke!\ni lost over 5 stone (>70lbs) over 6-7 months and was feeling great. then one day i was really sick, several times, noticed my urine was very dark, went to the doc who diagnosed type ii (the real reason i'd lost so much weight) to the point which the scales had not read for over 35 years!?\nwas put on metformin, plus a bunch of other meds and even though still swimming the same amount daily, still put 3 stone (21lbs) in a few months!\ni have always eaten (when allowed by my wife,) when hungry and not been bothered by hunger at the same times every day, but i cannot get my wife to listen and she nags me to eat \"regularly\"! i end up eating a meal, when not hungry and then feeling hungry an hour or so later and end up snacking on junk.\nalthough i cut out the huge amounts of fruit and fruit juice (sometimes over 2l daily) i'd been taking i suspect that my carb intake is still too high, with other stuff.\ni shall have to figure out how to achieve a low carb diet though as i know a few people who have successfully reversed their diabetes that way. thank you !!! i'm a normal weight person but i have insulin resistance . whenever i drop carbs i becomes really really really thin . how can i maintain my weight while cutting off carbohydrates ? ya ya ya! at last we are there, thank you for your work, that is very valuable!! what about your cholesterol levels the ada! . if you want to know what that gang really cares about, look at their big $$$ donors. you talk about a f-ing conflict of interest! can you say \" g-r-e-e-d ., boys and girls? a brilliant, caring physician who is transforming lives with her practical advice. based on fact! god bless her lovely mind and heart! wait wait let me take a wild guess - cut out the carbs and exercise? how did i know? you don't even have to exercise to get great results, but if you feel up to exercising. it will help too. you really want to take advice from somebody who looks like they shop at a dollar store and then got dressed in the dark? wow, i think her message is much more important then what she is wearing. yes! i loved your tongue-in-cheek comment! . like you, i'd much rather she spent thousands of dollars for designer clothes and then hours getting ready to appear in this video. much more important than concentrating on her message of transforming/saving the lives of diabetics. very clear!! thanks! nobody should ever take hundreds of units of insulin! nobody needs it. we mostly have sanofi to thank for the totally excessive use of insulin- they are the only ones profiting from it! i wish she would have defined what foods contain the right fats i'm lost. this makes sense. but just watched a video saying avoid meat eat fruit vegges, bread etc. why this conflicting advice ? what do we eat im looking at a can of tomatoes and it has 6 carbs you are doing the right thing by looking at the carbs. get it as low as possible, there are so many foods that have very low carbs. god bless this women dispelling the lie about diabetes being a \"life long disease\". that lie is to make corrupt doctors and big pharma rich. cheers! not everyone is the same regarding t2d. for a majority it is currently not reversible because we don't understand insulin resistance. for those with mild resistance, cutting carbs can get bg to normal levels, but for others it helps, but meds are still needed. well, diabetes is sort of like alcoholism - you are not truly cured, although you may be in remission for the rest of your life then why most chinese are slim? and way much more healthier than most americans... is it really carbs or red meat? i was type 2 for about ten years and on common meds. my gp had me take diet/type 2 classes supported by our local hospital for a few years, i bought a heavy bike, and started to walk to work a few times a week, about 5 miles a day. i lost about 50lbs, and did intermittent fasting. if i indulged in high in over eating or high carbs, i paid it back by a workout or short fasting episode. after ten years i still test negative on type 2, and my behaviors still show good moderation. did did not seem to take that much work for me and once i changed behaviors they were easy to maintain. i watched my father, uncle die of type 1, and many other family members are very ill with diet related type 2 or 1. i was not going to die like my father did! what kind of fats do you recommend? you may not be diabetic anymore but surely you will die of heart attack, stroke,fatty liver and the like... take things in moderation... 11:07 there is permanent cure for herpes virus with herbal medicine prepare by dr osaoji this is good for fatties and diabetics, but this is not reccomended for the long term, especially in people with healthier bmi, as this diet can do great damage to liver and kidney and yes , cause heart desease in the longer term.\nall extreme diets and fad diets aren't good, the best for normal individuals is to follow a balanced diet. moderation is key why, oh, why am i listening to this whiny white chick? who simply repeats and repeats and repeats and repeats one thing greatly lacking, lifestyle choices. you don't put it in, you don't put it on. you can't expect to lose it if you're not moving, but still consuming. 2k calorie diets, ya, assuming you're active, healthy and roughly middle-aged. did you know it takes about a 1/2 hour at the gym to work off that \"only 100 calorie snack...\" pun intended... food for thought? there are a lot of other important factors to look at, but she does well in explaining, somewhat, basic premises/theories. however, majority of people need to take action, not place blame. at the end of the day, you can play victim or play victor... most circumstances... there are extenuating circumstances in which people have genuine health issues... but to this degree (1/2 + of americans)... ah, probably need to think things over a little on the argument. plant-based diets are the best in my honest opinion. if you want to get type 2 diabetes under control you must exercise daily. exercise prevents inflammation and increases blood circulation. i know personally people who have reversed their type 2 diabetes with exercise & proper eating. you must avoid easy forms of carbohydrates and sugars like white bread flour, crackers, cookies, candy. eat natural foods as much as possible - as we age we can't excrete the added synthesized & synthetic vitamins, highly processed fats, high sugar, fake fiber, & caustic preservatives added to foods. poor blood circulation due to lack of exercise makes everything worse. i've been type 2 for 20 yrs. under constant treatment, not neglected.\ni have never heard that advice about minimum carb intake.\ni was 238 lbs when diagnosed and went down to 161lbs on my own version of atkins.\nso far back that i can't remember how long it took.\nmedication has not been withdrawn but i don't know if type 2 has been reversed. great that you lost weight, but did your blood sugar #'s come down or your a1c? look into keto. yeah but lot of then have no self control as well this video started me on my journey to keto. a1c from 6.4 to 5.3! thank you! god bless you. i still don't understand the 'plan' to get blood sugar normal? so is it to eliminate carbs? thanks for the infor i surely will try this... do beans and peas count as starches on this diet? yes they count no according to all health sites we need carbohydrates to survive! in fact the majority say if you cut out carbs you reduce your lifespan and are subject to cancer and other diseases! why is there so much conflicting information out there? evidence, please? she is annoying this woman just saved my life. she told the truth. now im on a new journey!!!!! diabetes type 2 : can you recommend any doctors like yourself in toronto canada that i could see? is she still alive? the pharma kingpins dont like people to tell the people the truth. and type 1 people shouldn't be blamed for their condition but the type 2 people should be. they have the privilege to control what should be in their mouths, at the end of the day it's still their discipline. type 2 diabetes is a discipline problem @t\nif you have diabetes, pre-diabetes or know someone with these conditions then read this carefully as the following information can save your life.\nhear from the world's top doctors and nobel prize winners and learn how to quickly lower your blood sugar naturally and eliminate the need for prescription drugs and insulin injections.\n@t are lentils and beans grains? i have no problem giving up bread, pasta and rice but i like beand and lentils. :( sugar is a drug, i use it even though i know it will kill me and i cant stop my self. diets have never stuck so while this is an obvious solution, i fear it will never work for me you won't know unless you give it a try. it's not easy at first, but you will lose your sugar cravings. i \"cured\" (controlled) my type 2 diabetes by going on a full, healthy, ketogenic diet. it took five months, but it was worth the adjustment time. i now have normal blood sugar, without the need for diabetes medications. doctors should learn about this. i lost weight, too, to a new normal level. i have just as much energy as when i ate carbs. @faith atkins watch sten ekberg's videos on low-carb/keto, intermittent fasting, and insulin resistance. once you understand the principles involved, you can make your own program. you can adjust it anytime. quick tips: remove sugars, grains, fruits and processed foods from your diet. eat real food plus healthy fats. bulk of calories must come from fats. eat only during a limited time window (within 4-8 hours). no meals and snacks before and after. for exercise, walking is usually enough. you can also do some hiit but up to 3 minutes only. too much exercise can raise your cortisol levels. drink lots of water. my friend reversed her type 2 diagnosis in about a month loosely following that framework. her hypertension disappeared, too. @robert cece how is everything...especially your energy level? i was doing keto for ~2 yrs but feel my energy level low. i took vit b for about 2 weeks and felt much better. i read about this and believed that vitamin b1 helped. i am continuing taking b1 and observing myself. best wishes! @faith atkins dear faith, you are taking the first step toward a healthy life with diabetes: keeping the carbohydrate intake low enough to switch your metabolic type to ketosis. you need to connect with any of the many organizations that are here to help you with information or support, as needed. my best wishes! i was recently diagnosed . i'm too young for this and i'm exercising but i'm trying to figure out how many carb i should/shouldn't be eating . i want to beat this. @hollywoodbob39 yes, this is true. medicine waits until new research proves itself again and again, to avoid mistakes. although my own doctor is very honest and he told me that he has heard of the ketogenic diet but knows very little about it, and also very little about insulin resistance. i respect him for admitting these things, but they also raise concerns about how long it takes for research results and even basic knowledge about metabolic functioning to have an effect on patient care!\ni've seen the same thing with my oncologist. i had to give him copies of papers explaining how to reduce peripheral neuropathy by keeping the extremities cold, and he responded by saying that they have to wait until such treatment is accepted. now, a couple of years later, i understand that this is now happening in his clinic for some patients, who don't lose their hair because the top of their head is being kept cold. so plants based diet is a no? try different things and see what works for you. plant based helped me, but keto helped me more. bipolar brilliant, should start showing this to kids in high school so what common and easily assessible foods are considered fats? people like this lady are the need of hour... saving humanity from greedy doctors and unethical pharma industry...god bless you dear.. a few years ago, in an attempt to drop some weight, i went on the diabetic control diet prescribed for my wife when she had gestational diabetes. by eating one actual serving of carbs with one actual serving of protein every few hours, i managed to drop thirty pounds (so far)...without ever feeling like i was missing out...and improved my kidney and liver function. i wasn't ever diabetic, but i'll never forget what my wife's medical dietician told her. if everyone adopted this diabetic control diet, nobody would _be_ diabetic. that may be a bit of an overstatement, but...as discussed in this video...its evidently demonstrable that diet is the most important aspect of general health.\np.s. the food pyramid so many of us were raised to use as our dietetic guideline was actually invented by the u.s. department of agriculture. it was not designed to promote america's physical _health;_ it was designed to promote the consumption (and sale) of grain crops, fruit and vegetable crops, dairy, and meat products...in an order that maximized america's _economic_ health. could her presentation be any more annoying. and i'm a boilermaker. it wasn't an experiment, it wasn't an accident... you eat carbs, get sick and hungry. you need hospitals, drugs and more food... they all want this for us. they all make money and more money and more money. i'm no longer type 2! i cut out carbs and sugars. trying hard to keep it reversed. :)) @christian z same reason an alcoholic shouldn't drink alcohol? @christian z everything in moderation, low carbs vs no carbs is 2 different things and i have not seen a study where low carbs were no healthy long term personally what is considered a list of carbs? thank you @christian z green vegetables are mostly low carb and highly nutritious. thank you. a study of the holy writings of the baha'i faith gives great insight into the true causes of disease.\nmore than 140 years ago, in answer to a physician of the time, regarding the preservation of health, baha'u'llah, the prophet founder of the baha'i faith, wrote these words, keep in mind that these words were written about seventy years before medical science became aware of the effects that negative emotional states could have on physical health.\nbaha'u'llah wrote: \"verily the most necessary thing is contentment under all conditions. by this, one is preserved from morbid conditions and lassitude. yield not to grief and sorrow, they cause the greatest misery. jealousy consumeth the body, and anger doth burn the liver, avoid these two as you would a lion.\no god, the supreme knower, the ancient tongue speaks that which will satisfy the wise in the absence of doctors.\no people do not eat except when you are hungry, do not drink after you have retired to sleep.\nexercise is good when the stomach is empty; it strengthens the muscles. when the stomach is full it is very harmful.\ndo not neglect medical treatment when it is necessary, but leave it off when the body is in good condition.\ndo not take nourishment except when (the process of) digestion is completed. do not swallow until you have thoroughly masticated your food.\ntreat disease first of all through diet, and refrain from medicine. if you can find what you need in a single herb, do not use a compound medicine. leave off medicine when the health is good, and use it in case of necessity.\nif you diametrically apposed foods are put on the table, do not mix them. be content with one of them.\ntake first the liquid food before partaking of the solid food. thus the supreme pen commands you.\na light meal in the morning is as a light to the body.\navoid all harmful habits. they cause unhappiness in the body.\nsearch for the cause of disease. this saying is the conclusion of this utterance.\"\nalthough there is much more to this tablet, mostly to do with observing the physical laws of health, such as diet, food combinations, rest, exercise, etc. you will notice that he contentment is a spiritual attitude.\nhe also clearly identifies the morbid effects of psychological stress on the physical body. i don't think anyone would deny that we live in an enormously stressful world at the moment.\nthe endless wars and violence, the increasing crime rate, the racial, political and religious hatreds, the immorality, greed and selfishness, the dishonesty and corruption. but human being are immensely adaptable, and we get used to the stress after a while, and tend to think that society is normal.\nhowever, pushing these fears and frustrations into our subconscious doesn't remove them. they are still there, nagging away at our physical health. criminal thank you! my family is at that stage where we are diabetic or turning diabetic and this info helps a lot. fantastic secret recently i was told by my doctor that i needed to go on medication for my type 2 diabetes and high cholesterol. both were very bad, so i decided to change my diet and lifestyle. i do not like taking pills, so i told her i would try and control them by dieting and exercising. i told her to give me one month, and if it hadn't worked i would go on the pills. three weeks later, i went back to see her; she took my blood and cholesterol test and told me to come back in one week. when i went back for the results, i was shocked - the doctor looked at me and said, \"mr king, i don't know what you are doing, but whatever it is, continue to do it - we can't see any signs that you're diabetic and your cholesterol is normal! we don't need to put you on any medication.\"to my surprise, she didn't even ask me what i was doing - but you can! @joe cab thanks for sharing the diet plan. @vinay kumar g syl kuaea i have a green smoothie for breakfast and dinner, throughout the day when i get hungry i will eat some avocado, cucumber and celery stick - you can eat any vegetables of your choice - no fruit, too much sugar. do some exercise to speed up the process. fasting is the best way to loose weight, because i have to work that's why i choose vegetables fast. could you tell what diet was followed by you ummm... fibre? resistant starch? prebiotics? pretty sure we need these ... so why aren't \"doctors\" who just keep pumping meds with patient health failing even further, not being sued for malpractice and being drummed out of their profession??\nin any other profession, something like this is a cue for that person to be fired and not allowed anywhere near that profession anymore. you know carbs are cheap to consume, there in mostly everthing you decide to eat\nso on a n economic viewpoint\na family that is below poverty\nsurving off of mak8ng the ends meet\nis on a budget\nverses a family that has resources and cash, can afford whatever they desire\nhow does one break the poverty mantality consciousness hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. look up low carb/ keto diets on a budget. eat a burger and icecream once you follow this, your blood sugar will rocket outside the norm. you're still type2.\ni laughed at my diabetes educator when they told me to eat carbs. in my research i have concluded that humans need zero carbs. zero. brain needs carb careful can it be reversed? my dr told me that i am a diabetic and i need medication forever @mike wagenbach thank you for this information if you cut carbs, you'll need to reduce insulin injection dose to avoid hypoglycemia, btw. so, proceed with caution. also, almost everyone feels wonky their first week if they just crash into a low-carb diet. dr. steve phinney swears that can be avoided if you increase your salt consumption a bit, though (he's a big fan of bullion cubes from the supermarket, since they're mostly salt). among other roles in your physiology, insulin causes your kidneys to retain salt, so if you reduce insulin (whether from injections or from your pancreas) it makes sense that you would lose more salt and your electrolyte balance would change. nothing sinister about that! that's the old conventional wisdom. medicine doesn't always get everything right the first time (far from it!) virta health has several years of data now, and they are getting about 60% of their patients off insulin or reduced dose. you can look up lots more about this at diet doctor, low carb down under, or the charlie foundation (which is focused on epilepsy, but still a great resource). also dr. eric westman, who's been treating patients at duke, the va and private practice for 20 years.\nfrom what i've read, quite a few diabetics are able to get off most meds but often continue to take metformin insulin is not treating the root of the problem... the terminology around type 2 diabetes needs to change. impressive that's it, tell the fatties it's not there fault as they stuff there face with takeaways and sweets @t proven winner and constantly getting better! dr. marlene merritt's smart blood sugar has been the leading blood sugar offer since 2014. earlier i used insulin, but my doctor suggested me to use freestyle libre pro sensor and blucon nightrider, and check my glucose values on phone. it is really helpful and easy for me as the app updates me when my blood glucose values high and low. benevolent health karen 4 months ago i was diagnosed of diabetes and i have tried all i can to get cured but all to no avail, until i saw a post in a health forum about a herbalist man who prepare herbal medication to cure all kind of diseases including diabetes, at first i doubted if it was real but decided to give it a try, when i contact this herbalist via his email and he prepared a diabetes herbal cure and sent it to me via ups delivery company service,when i received this herbal cure, he gave me step by directions on how to apply it, when i applied it as instructed, i was totally cured of this deadly disease within 3months of usage, i am now free from diabetes ,all thanks to dr joshua ighalo. you can also reach this great herbal doctor help . he can help get rid of yours permanently... also specialize in treating all kinds of illness, herpes virus, hepatitis b, cancer, brain disease, infertility, diabetes and more so...........get on a keto diet? +++++ addition to my post from 2 weeks ago... i started with dr. hallbergs tedtalk direction on september 8, 2020 at that time i was taking 40 units of humulin n (20 units, 2 x daily), 40 mg glipizide (20 mg 2x per day) and 2000 mg metformin and my daily readings ranged between 145 and 225 and i weighed 257. i started following her diet plan and did not eliminate carbs and instead limited carbs. my plan was to give it a month for the simple reason i can do almost anything for a month. as on october 16th i am not using insulin at all. on october 18th i decreased my glipizide by 25% and this morning my weight was 245. every day since starting with her plan my blood sugar has ranged between a 121 high and a 54 low. my current path tells me i will have eliminated all medications by december 1, 2020. losing the 12 pounds has happened quite by accident and this week i will add in 40 minutes of walking a minimum of 4 days per week and losing the weight has resulted in lower blood pressure which last night was 102/60 with a pulse rate of 78 so i may need to decrease my bp meds. my initial thoughts were this is too easy to actually work and i was wrong... it works much better than the meds ever have. if you drink beer try corona premier or michelob ultra. i like tequila and lemonade so i replaced the lemonade with zero calorie sunny delight and i found 4 net sugar flour tortillas. thank you - i need to decrease my meds they are doing more harm then good at this point. does the \"purdue\" backdrop refer to the pharmaceutical or the university? the university. their logo is right there in the introduction. i learned so much from this. thank you this is terrible advice that only increases your risk of elevated cholesterol and heart attack. for advice that puts your diabetes in remission and doesn't mess up your body long term, read \"mastering diabetes\" by cyrus khambatta i have been on a low carb diet for nearly 8 years. i have gone from 185lbs. down to 144lbs. i am really skinny now. which puts my nerves onto my bones, with occasional pain. i was hoping dr. hallberg's film would help me get some weight back. but, it was a good film and she pointed out a lot of truths. this is excellent advice. thank you for the care and concern. the public needs this advice. ........there is a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick. i just checked my sugar and it was at 471. i was gestational diabetic when i had my baby 2 years ago but lately i haven't been feeling well and i can't believe it omg, please research low carb or keto diets, it can be hard to break habits and food addictions but it's worth it. wow! an eye opening lecture! i bow down! deep thank you!!!! deep gratitude for sharing this info!!! i am an insulin resistant hfcs appears to have a negative effect on metabolism. there appears to be a correlation between rates of diabetes and the consumption of hfcs in many countries, based on whether this artificial corn by-product is allowed into the food chain. we have far too many manufactured and ultra-processed components in our modern food supply to be safe.\ni like to base my diet on the one that our ancestors evolved to thrive on during the pleistocene, i.e., mostly greens, roughage, nuts, seeds, occasional fruits and berries, grubs, rare tubers, and opportunistic finds of bird eggs and easily caught fish or reptiles. nut soup is a favorite at our house, a somewhat evolved dish with mashed walnuts, sunflower seeds, pine nuts, pepitas, onions, garlic, thin-sliced carrot, chopped jalapeno, and copious greens. no, we don't dig for grubs but i'm not opposed to a lobster-flavored roly-poly boil.\nif you can't eat it raw, sprouted, or fermented it probably isn't good for your metabolism. i haven't met a nut, plantain, dandelion, or young redbud pod i wouldn't eat raw, either. tomatoes are better cooked, but you can eat them raw. i cannot eat raw corn, wheat, or soybeans but find that the cooked versions are difficult to digest. i can eat raw fish but wouldn't touch any other raw meat. i can eat a raw egg but not a raw bird. something to do with our convoluted intestinal system that ferments roughage and holds onto putrid food too long for comfort. my cat can eat almost any kind of raw meat and offal without getting sick but would get diabetes if fed a grain-based kibble. carnivores have a shorter intestine, allowing food to move quickly.\ni'm in my 70's with a muscular build and no metabolic diseases. i ate a boiled egg from my own free-range, bug-eating chickens for breakfast, and nut soup for lunch. i will probably have a bowl of vegetable soup with mushrooms for an early dinner, with a few homemade dehydrated nut & seed crackers. our vegetable soup is full of sunchoke, squash, zucchini, carrot, onion, garlic, cabbage, kale, green tomato, jalapeno, and red and green peppers from my garden. i traded for the shitake mushrooms from a neighbor. eating nutritionally dense foods that are abundant in nature makes this diet frugal and easy to source even if you have to buy the components. i do have some potatoes growing in the garden but they tend to give me a stomach ache and you cannot eat them raw. it's more to show a neighbor that they are easy to grow from potato scraps. i need to get out and dig them up for her. by no grains do you mean all wheat, rice, oats, cornmeal, barley, or another cereal grain is a grain product we should avoid? now you have nothing left to eat yep i'm surprised the pharmaceutical companies cleaning up on meds for diabetics aren't a bit narcky about someone suggesting we can fix something with intelligent eating. i guess they're cleaning up on other medicines hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. i've been type 2 for two years and from the moment i found out i eat as lower carb as i can and bike ride 10 miles a day almost everyday from the start my levels are within normal range, i'm aware this condition will always be there and that is the soul reason i've adjusted what i eat ,this will not beat me and have no intention of going on any form of medication,look at food and ask yourself do i need that little extra?my answer is no ,do i need that bike ride? my answer is yes .find something you can love doing except eating,food is a state of mind so look hard at it but remember you can have any treats in moderation keep this in mind the word is moderation. before the discovery of insulin, for hundreds of years guess how diabetes was treated - with a low carb diet. what about cholesterol with low carb diets. ie eating fats and meat sugar activates interferences that makes ldl cholesterol dangerous. take out the sugar and stay under 50 g carbs. your cholesterol levels will be excellent help! did she just say mushrooms are a starch? i freaking love ted:) keep up the great content homies:) this is tedx, not ted. but a good thought. i wonder if those studies distinguish between whole grain carbs like brown rice, whole grain spelt flour etc & white rice, white flour etc good info but can we start to honor the old time good manners & tradition of modulating our voices? she's married to jason fung who in sam hill is jason fung? that tells me a great deal about her ideas and motivation. i'm confused, is she allying about being on the keto diet? what she described sounds much like keto follow ivor cummins. he explains it with years of research and data. my last reply should finish as : are our teeth are made for eating meat like a carnivore or like a omninovore for eating plants? again: \"the game changers\" on netflix. listen and make your own conclusion. good luck! i agree. i will recommend to see the documentary \"the game changers\". just listen to what it says and then, make your own conclusion. i personally don't like the keto diet and began to rethink about my health. i'm 70 years old and i'm believer that we have been lied all of our life about what we have to eat. we are plant eaters not meat eaters. ask this question to yourself: \"are our teeth made for hmmm... thanks dr hallberg! great advice! now i know what nobody have told me before: \"carbohydrates causes insulin resistance.\" and guess what, i take daily 2 doses of metformin. one of 500mg and another of 850. as i told people it doesn't helped me. prescriptions most of the time doesn't work, it don't attack the problem and why they have a lot of side effects. i will follow what dr hallberg said. thank you for helping people to get healthy. can you tell us,how you did... on keto diet can we use monk fruit sweetener or erythritol or stevia ? yes as a health coach, i love this video! thanks! i am 70 yrs. old and all i eat it is carbs all day. i am the same weight as i was at 25. i swim 6 days a week. i am in great shape. i don't take any meds at all. my dr. can't find anything wrong with me. to his surprise.i can't understand why you stay that carbs are a problem. there bad carbs and good carbs. my breakfast today was 1 avocado and 1 banana ,coffee. lunch a veggie burrito. dinner white bean soup and red lentil pasta. than i have a protein shake using veggie protein power, 2 table spoons of chia seeds, and a banana in 20 oz of water.if i get hungry later in the evening, i eat raw almonds,pecans, brazil nuts ect. see carbs all day. there is so many great carbs. plant base diet is full of carbs and enough protein for your body. look at broccoli, apples ,banana,carrots,grapes ect....i can go on and on. by telling people to back off on carbs they will resort to protein ,which they will go to animal protein which will cause type 2 diabetes. what you are telling people is what western doctors have been telling people for yrs. this is why 50% on the people have diabetes. yes stay away from package foods with all the chemicals and sugars. if you follow a smart diet you can still have rice ,potatoes and some other natural heavy carbohydrate . animal products are the killer. is it ok for the people who have both the diabetes and the hypertension. will this diet not effect the kidneys? is there any diet plan? what about the patients outside of us? rice is not the problem, asian eat rice everyday, most of them are slim and live longevity.\nthe biggest problem is added sugar in food, all kinds of food in this country, better yet, the added sugar is not even real sugar, it's corn syrup, thanks to our corrupted system.\nas long as you are willing to donate your money to politicians, you can get anything past the stamp as safe for human consumption. how relevant this is in 2020 still relevant, especially if it treats what ails you without meds. what an eye opener talk .\nthankyou so much doctor . i was told by two endocrinologist that being type 2 diabetic is for life. i begged to disagree because i knew what causes my insulin resistance and i knew my disease can be reversed. love this vid proving my view on my case. donate or sell,\nyour extra diabetic test strips. sealed / unopened / unexpired\n214-935-7107 diabetes possible to reverse % is there a recommended diet plan for to reverse type 2 diabetes? i have type 2 diabetes. didn't you watch the video? please look into low carb or keto diets, they work! check out dr gabriel cousens, he reverses type 2 diabetes in 30 days ! aaa+++ thanks dr hallberg, appreciate your lecture! big pharma doesn't want people to be cured of type two diabetes because they're simply making to much money @digital.gods there is plenty of nutrition advice here in the uk. the same old mantra of exercise 150 minutes per week, keep the bmi under control with a varied diet in moderation and \"get your 5 portions of fruit and veg per day\". that last one is the problem for diabetics. the variations in the human genome which evolved over hundreds of thousands of years means we are not all the same, so diet has to be individually tailored; not exactly a medical function. @angry ted : it is not 'big pharma's job' to cure you it is up to you and your doctor. big pharma keeps millions of people alive every day. hopefully millions will be saved with new covid vaccines, just as millions have been saved from measles, typhoid fever and small pox. the problem seems to be, that the average doctor gets about 40 hours of nutrition instruction during their 8 years of training. how much of that instruction is old or flawed is another good question. is \"big pharma\" a supermarket in the usa? we don't have it in the uk. medicines are provided free to diabetics in the uk. all of them. the national health service negotiates best prices directly with pharmaceutical companies to ensure both quality and value for money for our tax money.\nit is corrupt doctors being swayed by pharmaceutical reps in the us which are the problem. on top of poor health education and availability of terrible nutrition (which is not really worse than the uk).\nalso, diabetes is most commonly treated with metformin, a 500 year old (off patent) floral extraction which is incredibly cheap. manufacturing insulin is the expensive one and applies to severe and type 1 diabetes only. looks like alopathy is a scandal not cured...but they don't have diabetes anymore. um that's the definition of cured. what kind of help have you been looking for?,\nmessage me let have a world, think about it, this can be the opportunity you have been looking for, don't miss it. for what's app +2348111831183 or +2349065369792 thank you for more awareness of factual based medicine. so much of medicine and treatment guideline are pharmaceutical driven. very conflicting for the consumer and very hard for clinicians to help reverse what has for years been driven into diabetic teaching hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. all of us asians be like\nno graaaiin!!! lol i was diagnosed with type 2 today. i'm thai/white and the first thing i said to myself was \"nooooo not my rice!!\" do you want us to \"play\" doctor ? i see a doctor to get the right information but he gives me only a medicine ! are you trying to get the nobel price in medicine ? i'm rn from europe. the medicine is very different there.\ni feel like all the diets in us medicine are recommending the total opposite of what it needs ....\nbesides that, what's about the bs with folic acid for regnant woman ? folic acid covers up the deficit of vit b 12, which is needed for a proper neurological development in a baby . please contact me . we can make a big change together it takes years to deplete your body of b12 and the vast majority of people get plenty in their diet, other than vegans. b12 isn't depleted in pregnancy and homocysteine is what's tested for b12 deficiency, not folic acid, so b12 deficiency wouldn't be \"covered up\" by folic acid (plus you'd see a macrocytic anemia on a cbc). folic acid is needed for neural tube development in a fetus via another process that supports dna synthesis. this is separate from the b12 process. we can talk. i'm rn, i got over 600 sugar level to 300 in about 2 weeks !!! please contact me. i:d love to talk to you. i love to help i have listened until minute 7 and she does not differentiate carbohydrates. processed and refined carbs, as they are the center of many post-industrial societies, are so profoundly different from wholefood carbs in effect on the body, due to for example accompanied nutrients like secondary plant metabolites or vitamins, that there is no way, we could judge carbs as if it is one thing.\ni have the feeling that this notion is not reflected enough, since it often leads down the path to a reduction of plant foods and recommendation of increased intake of some kind of animal product. it is a fact that protein and especially animal-based protein has a strong effect on insuline secretion, too. for example, a beef steak can have the same impact on insulin secretion as one plate of pasta al dente. leaving aside the carbs in favor of animal based products is not the cure for chronic insulin resistance,\nthe key is to differentiate between refined and unprocessed. cut the processed products and you will see immediate effect. there is no need to miss out on so much taste and nutrients from unprocessed fruit, grains, pulses or nuts. it may even be unwise to do so, since a natural, plant-based lifestyle is without a doubt one of the best things you can do to improve health. focus on animal products exerts a negative impact on the environment, leads to suffering and is one of the main causes of our modern societies' health problems. she is 100, 100 percent correct.\ni am going to listen to her once a week , for a long time , just as therapeutic and motivational reminder.\noct/ 2020. oooo...great idea!! it's just common sense. i want to cry when i think of all the common sense solutions to my biggest problem. it's a good day for change. thank you ................. however, all over the world, there are many researchers who have stated this. there is too much interest on the part of the multinationals to endorse these works, it's like fighting windmills. it is up to us with our free will, awareness and personal verification to take care of ourselves and loved ones please show us your evidences based on randomized double blind placebo controlled trial on point. could you do a similar talk for skinny diabetics? portion control is not my problem. if following your suggestions is not a cure, is it really fixing the underlying cause of diabetes? what are you talking about? speak english. right after watching this video up popped a tedx video by dr. neal barnard basically supporting ada guidelines and suggesting we cut out meat and eat carbs. thank you. i'm so tired of this \"carbs are dangerous\" message. veggies = carbs. fruit = carbs. and we need a lot of veggies for good health. white rice, little debbie cakes, cookies, other stuff with processed white sugars, of course -- don't eat that, it's not nutrient-dense. but \"carbs\" aren't bad and in fact, we need veggies for good health. this message that we need no carbs is silly. we won't have good health without veggies/greens. oh! this chick doesn't know what she is talking about!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well done. i'm stop carb right now i'm diagnosed just year ago unfortunately, diabetes has become a thriving industry, and doctors are quick to prescribe drugs to manage type-2 diabetes, but i've always believed there is a better solution. making a lasting lifestyle change by embracing a low carb diet like atkins may help prevent and control type-2 diabetes, and there's plenty of research to back this up. in fact, atkins may be the best diet for preventing and controlling diabetes! cured from herpes virus ...indeed dr hassan is a god sent dr hassan is the only dr who could ever get herpes cured with his herbal medicine. i had tried almost everything but i couldn't find any solution to this shameful virus, despite all these happening to me,i always spend a lot to buy drugs from hospital and taking some several medications but no relieve, until one day i was just browsing on the internet when i come across a great post of 'morrison' who truly said that he was been diagnose with herpes and was healed the nest week through the help of this great powerful healing doctor, so i quickly contacted him, and he ask me some few questions and he said a thing i will never forget that any one who contacted him is always getting his or her healing ,so i was amazed all the time i heard that from him,so he sent me the herbal medicine ,and after taking his medicine for the period of time he told me to, i noticed a very hug difference in my health,so i went to the hospital to give the final test to the disease and the doctor said i'm herpes negative ,i am very amazed about the healing dr hassan gave to me from the help of his ancient herbs but if you feel like contacting dr hassan at once you can email him now for your own healing too at email :(drhassanherbscure@gmail.com ).whatsapp /call +2349032582239 ok, i'm confused... so, eat less carbs, i agree. but eat fats? um, isn't that going to push up our cholesterol levels? also, what fats can one eat, trans fats, saturated fats, animal fats? we are always told not to eat those, as they will push up the ldl and triglycerides... good fats olive oil ,coconut oil ,butter yes, it can 100% if you follow advice of drs. esselstyn and t colin campbell. see\ndocumentary \"forks over knives\" not only diabetes, but arteriosclerosis, many immune diseases, some cancers etc.\ng kaplan md unfortunately, as a nurse who counsels patients with diabetes, i find that most patients do not want to significantly change their lifestyles to improve their blood sugars and not have to take meds. those few that do take my advice to heart do well. how about a playlist of the videos you might use to counsel your patents? and here in 2020, one of the metformin meds has been recalled twice now for ndma. i'm prediabetic. should i start eating keto to reverse it? low carb or keto should be fine for you. i was pre-diabetic and successfully got my a1c down. i have also finally lost weight after years of trying so many different diets. nope! look up t. colin campbell and dr. garth davis for accredited, non-industry funded science about a whole-food plant based diet. or just look up \"whole-food plant-based diet for diabetes\". good luck and good health! somebody tell me though, exactly what do you eat? research low carb or keto online, lots of info out there. eat a whole-food plant-based diet yo! when she says, insulin levels go up, does she mean, blood sugars go up? no, she means insulin levels go up. when a normal person eats the food is turned into sugar, then our pancreas secretes insulin so the cells will open up and take in the food meant to keep them alive. if the sugar in the cells do not open and take the sugar the pancreas says...hmmm, need more insulin, so it makes more. in the beginning the cells that are resisting opening respond to the extra insulin, but over time the pancreas has to make more and more insulin to coax them open. yes, this means that the sugar in the blood is high, but the insulin also is. i watched a lot of videos that includes foreign doctors, professor too. the result is everybody says different things including my doctor. i am kinda confused. i think i have to find my way. $250 billion value business. go ahead use us to make money. brave talk :) there are financial interests on one side and glucose junkies on the other side. both hate low carb idea. there are only a few who follow a low carb diet. i'll call it just normal carb diet in comparison with the flood of glucose in the regular meals. puts the advertising and food suppliers in the limelight for making us sick for financial gain, right?! put the manufacturers and suppliers on notice that sugar is going to be a controlled substance just as marijuana is now what's good for what ails you. ! seems they have to get it wrong in order to get it right at the cost of many lives! she is such a compelling speaker!! love it. it is called 'half truth' i almost lost my son to sc if not for dr solution who helped me in curing my son's sickle cell anemia.\ni was made to believe there was no cure by medical doctors but now i believe otherwise because my son was cured from sc late 2018.\ni came across reviews about how someone cured his sickle cell anemia with help from dr solution, at first i didn't believe because i was not so sure but i still went ahead to give it a try.\ni contacted the dr and told him everything and he told me that he will prepare a herbal medicine for me which i will give to my son, and few days after we had this conversation, he prepared the medication and sent it to me.\nafter the 2 weeks of using the herbals as instructed by the doctor, i took my son for checkup with no assurance but faith, and behold the results came and showed that he was totally free from sickle cell anemia.\nyou can also reach out to this exceptional doctor on e-mail: solutionhealinghome@gmail. com\ncall or whatsapp + 234 8077683109 awesome i'm guessing that this doctor has not done her research on the impact of saturated fatty acids on immune function and chronic inflammation that leads to cardiovascular disease! i think reducing refined carbohydrates is a good thing but lets be clear about the different types of carbohydrates and the types of fats used to replace these energy sources. ..... *listen* ......\n_modern medicine has no treatment for many disorders._ .........what's worse, all drugs like heart disease and diabetes pills cause bipolar disorder and depression......... if anyone, or their family, have any disease and have tried medication and still not cured completely, _feel free to contact me._ ........\nyou would be treated with nutrition and minor changes in life style.........\nalso you would be *completely free of the disease* in some time, ending all medication. .....\n...........\ni have successfully treated many people who were told that their condition is incurable. diseases like diabetes, obesity, osteoporosis, heart issues, liver problems, brain disorders, lifestyle disorders etc. big pharma has an incentive to keep people sick!\nbig pharma has an incentive to keep people sick!\nbig pharma has an incentive to keep people sick! this woman's voice is very irritating! jeez! but i agree with the info and like/appreciate the video. that's weird because i find her voice quite lovely. the one key factor that's missing: how much carbohydrate does she recommend to her patients? 20 to 30 grams at max. ketogenic diets typically recommend 30g of carbs per day maximum. do you have the scientific articles for this hypothesis? i want to apply this theory but i'm worried that this theory only applies to american diets (the big size portion) the problem is the carbs no matter what type of diet you eat. a vegan diet can reverse type 2 diabetes too. hi, i need some help in determining what foods are \"fats\". would be glad if anyone could share some of your diet plans. are oats considered grains too?\ni'm with diabetes, high blood pressure & high cholestrol. thus, wondering if these diets would improve diabetes but also worsen the others. \"fats\" = good fats? does a zinc ionophore (hydroxychloroquine sulfate or quercetin etc.), which allows zinc into ace2 cells, allow sugar into the cells too? is an ionophore a cure for type 2 diabetes? thanks sister girl 14 days herbal remedy got rid of my hiv naturally, i'm forever grateful to dr kanayo. anyone experiencing similar problems of hiv infection send a whatsapp message to dr. kanayo on +1(909) 375-5642 to help you with his herbal remedies. i live this diet of rare eating carbs. carb toxic syndrome... too many carbs poison the body. ha ha you losers ever speak about oppressor s we see . because they won't let you . order followers ozempic saved my life. it's still a drug with lots of side effects, why not change your diet instead. if you don't address the underlying issues you will continue to grow sicker while comorbidities compound. it's a bandage, not a solution. peace to you. is this information in spanih? why wait to get the disease (or even the first signs) before beginning the needed lifestyle changes? of course that's how we are. crazy huh? leave that grandstanding to dr oz. lol. \"ada guidelines don't focus on the reversal of type 2 diabetes\"..... and they never will while the single largest financial supporter of the ada is big pharma..... and that $ allows big pharma to control the ada guidelines and continue providing people with the misinformation that creates the conditions necessary to require a prescription and big pharma gets what they're truly after.... and their goal is not a person's good health but rather a dependance on the products big pharma provides. 100% truth!!!!! and its very sad... @lois t what..... you said it. oh, my goodness!!!!\ngod bless you for all your work and for the life saving information that you are giving us today .\nyou are truly god sent may you be blessed always and live a long and healthy life ,be safe thank you. was waiting for info commercial. \"order my book and i will show you.\" ma'am thank you sooooo much. next..... high blood pressure. what about ketoacidosis i am a retired chiropractor with a masters in public health. there is no way what she is telling us can work but it does! i have used her approach for 3 weeks and i have gone from morning readings between 145 and 230 to low normal to as low as a 64 this morning and have lost 7 pounds during that same time frame. i have decreased my humulin n by 25% because my morning readings have been too low (never thought i would say that). she has likely saved my sight and my feet and has possibly saved my life. this has become a game and i am eating chinese food, mexican food and even little bits of ice cream and my sleep and energy levels have both improved and i am 65 years old. remarkable. drive down western ave. on the adjacent lot to the projects are a kfc and a taco bell. drive 2-3 miles down the road near rpv you'll see a sprouts. diabetes is the silent murderers in society. does this come in text format? i don't believe that we do not need carbs also there are already plenty of carbs present in beans and other legumes. so that covers your need basically. if you are not obese and have no diabetice you can eat moderate amounts of truely wholegrain products or potatoes.\nbut you may not really need them.\nyou can experiment to see with what diet you feel most healthy and energetic.\nsugar and processed grains (removed fibres) have definitely no positive effect and most likely negative effects on your body, especially in the long run or when you have obesity problems.\nthe ancient humans ate carbs in the form of starchy roots, containing lots of fibres that lower their harmful impact. are you a pharmaceutical rep? what if you have an unfortunate combination of bp, cholesterol and diabetes? this and keto are good for all of these. my doctor advised me to use ambrosia blucon and freestyle libre sensor wow awesome, impressive hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. this is a great ted talk. promote a ketogenic diet and incorporate intermittent fasting. it will do good for many people. do your research everyone! i'm surprised so many people are wowed by this...we've known all this for quite some time. for anyone who really wanted to learn the truth, anyway. see the phone radiation video please they all r misguiding...they proud of them for little knowledge ... i never knew some of this herbal medicine could be this effective more than those scientific drugs when it comes to humans health, save all the stress is not worth it get your product from a genuine herbal practitioner asap,i have used it and it worked stop giving your hard earned money to scammers if only you can contact @drakhimien1 today for genuine and permanent cure herbal products pls help share this post to save yourself and your love ones.@drakhimien1 is specialize in these areas,permanent herbal supplements for anxiety and depression,hiv/aids, diabetes, epilepsy, blood, cancer, hpv, als, herpes etc.whats-app contact : +234 901 461 8249)email:dr.akhimiensolutionhome@gmail. com ) awesome a breath if fresh common sense. treating the cause not just the symptom. we do have the ability to evolve. whewwww. when i was diagnosed they gave me tons of meds and a dietary book.. i became obsessed with lowering my blood sugar and so started eating foods with no starch no carbs and no sugar.. bloods dropped really quickly and i ended up eating what i later discover is a highly strict keto diet.. im healthier now than ive ever been and ive stopped taking my meds too.. it's all \"calories\". we eat too much.period. if you watched the video and studied the nutrition subject a bit more, you would know that what you say is not true.\nfor an obese person it is generally extremely difficult to loose weight because hormones like insuline give you a feeling of being hungry, even when you just ate. insuline gets produced after you consumed carbs, especially the refined ones like sugar and white rice or white bread. diabetes runs in my family, and while i've always been in decent shape, i've been slightly overweight for years. i started a low-carb diet a couple months ago, and i've been consistently losing 1-2 lbs per week. in that time, i've only been hungry to the point of being uncomfortable maybe five or six times, and mostly in the first two weeks. i know everyone's body is different, and i can only really speak for myself, but this video seems like the truth. i was a horrible type 2 diabetic never checked sugars never took meds ate all the wrong stuff being an over the road trucker. i weighed 300 plus had retnipathy. i had a mild cardio infraction or small heart attack. that reversed the type 2 dont understand why just when i left the hospital my sugars were normal my a1c was normal and that was over 3 years ago and still no diabetes... is there a chance that this contradictory advice is given deliberately to ensure large, huge amounts of the best nutrition of the whole world to disappear in the bellies of a very few ceo's? money? i cant believe shes 84 years old what???? 18 mins of lecture says single word 'paleo diet' um shan baby thats two words paleo diets mm wasnt that when were chasing dinosaurs... or maybe the saurs were chasing us? macrobiotic diet thank you dr. sarah, i'm going to try it! i would have liked for her to go into more details about her no/low carb diet. when i was diagnosed they took all the carbs away from my diet. my blood sugar went dangerously low. i was on meds and still am. they put my on 30 carbs per meal, i eat two meals a day, and my blood sugar is much better. still taking meds. it's very hard to give up bread. you grew up thinking it was the \"staff of life\". i still crave it and i've been doing this diet for about 4 months. instead of putting you on carbs in your diet, they could have stopped giving you these bloodsugar lowering meds.\nthat would probably have been better for you.\nnow you still take meds and carbs.\nyou can propose to your docter the possibility of reducing both meds and carbs. or you just take less meds after you take less carbs, if you measure your own bloodsugar, you should know how much insuline you need to take right?\nalso, do you have type 1 or 2, and are you obese or not? those factors play a significant role of course. i love the show. good i love this woman! funny, being type2 and going plant based set my blood sugar and colesterol to normal. hmmmm... @laura pollreisz sounded like you were giving a solution, not an option. different things work for different people. did she get killed yet by the pharmaceuticals? trump & military arrested & executed all the people that killed drs. so true! i thought the same thing... ... i'm newly diagnosed. my doctor said this is possible. tough though. @dr. anthony forgione i plan to but simple. cut out carbs, bread, grains, candy, desserts, and processed food, then watch what happens! yes!! this approach works. but the ada and your md will probably not support you trying it. educate yourself! appreciate video content! sorry for butting in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you considered - patlarny sugar outcome principle (probably on google)? it is a smashing one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my cousin after many years got astronomical success with it. cheers for the video content! excuse me for the intrusion, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (probably on google)? it is an awesome one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some super things about it and my bf got amazing results with it. ..thank you !! for such an inspiring and educational video.. and for the courage of speaking up against billion dollar businesses run by pharmaceutical companies to kepp people sick ..thank you !! awesome video. totally ignores the big issue for many - if not most - people who have this problem: carbs taste really good. cookies, candy, ice cream, potato chips, bread, etc are the thing we love to eat. sure, fats also can taste great. but i like a potato with my steak. i love rice with my korean foods like galbi and bulgogi. i love a lot of fruits (and a few vegetables). getting rid of all these things seems impossible to me. love this video! i went with my mom in 2014 to her specialist and consulted for permission for her to try goldenseal. it worked. an since then there is tons of research on berberine. low carbs and something that you can get in a vitamin isle. most everyone i know, including family have diabetes. to reverse having to take all of those medicines with side effects and require increase, so helpful to many. but, as the dr. referred in this video there is money in keeping people sick. definitely do your homework and discuss with your doctor. hopefully they aren't invested in the pharma stock and invested in their patient's health. -justine eat until you feel fed, not until you feel full. my heart breaks when my ex daughter in law lets my grandkids 12 and 14 gain so much weight they are real chubbies. i live 3,000 miles away. i can't understand women who let their kids eat processed carbs and candy all day and never encourage exercise. they live in san diego for gods sake. the beaches are closed but walking somewhere would work. how come are there many people that are so preoccupied with such things as aa? definitely it works for approximately 10% but, sometimes it's a big turnoff and a cause to just want even more booze. offer steffon barkload's site an opportunity, after only one hour, you'll have the capability to hypnotize yourself to possibly quit permanently or be in control. sarah hallberg is spot on. eat to your meter. i am going to the endocrinologist at 9:30am tomorrow. i hate going because i eat exactly what they tell me to eat and my sugar is still out of control. then i get accused of cheating, which i don't. i am starting this tonight. i just gave the rice that i cooked to the chickens. @levans the ones on the panel that recommends all the food guidelines. @anna warner eyesight improved wow. i didn't know that could happen. @s m i don't know much about your state, but i just wanna remind you that berries and honey is still a lot of sugar and for your healing you might try not to have too much of it. need to cut out rice, its worse that potatoes ,glucose wise. @complete human coaching ??? there is a lot of money to be made by keeping you sick go sarah.i was diagnosed with type 2 and went on the atkins diet and got off insulin in two months. god bless. thats the classic and for the most part effective way to lower sugar blood levels but whats difficult is to stick to only no carbs diet as many of us have enjoyed them for most of our lives i gues you can make a transition to simple to complex carbs combined with a total amount reduction of them in the process. wow, she really opened my eyes! it makes total sense. but i love carbs and it will be hard to change but i'm tired of the finger sticks and meds. i will try hard to change. great video! i know it works, but a lot of diabetics don't want to invest the time to learn how to get off the merry-go-round and make the change. my brother died at the age of 29 cause he followed their guidelines. when he finally passed he looked like someone from a concentration camp he was 6 foot 2 and was 98 pounds. don't know why it made him lose weight but we watched him wither away till he died of heart failure. one of the symptoms of diabetes can be weight loss. i lost 3 siblings and my father to diabetes. i am so sorry for the loss of your brother. herbal medicine for diabetes cure is100% guarantee ,the reason why most people are finding it difficult is because they believe on medical repost, drugs and medical treatment which is not helpful to cure diabetes, natural/root and herb are the best remedy which can easily eradicate diabetes and other infection contacts me on whatsapp and make your health be valuable +2349046230269 very interesting\nis there a book or something out there i can follow @owen browning sounds like allot of carbs to me, just try to substitute high carb items for low carb items at first. @jennifer renta hi thank you..\nmy gp said to me don't touch keto, because my kidneys disease functioning at 35%.\nconfused atm.\nfor breakfast i have natural porride with fruit is that class as grains? i started on keto following the recipes in the 30 day ketogenic cleanse by maria emmerich. it has a wonderful and explanation of how the process works followed by some delicious recipes. lately, i have purchased more keto books for deserts and for slow cooker recipes. i found my books at our local sprouts market. i lost my brother to type 2 diabetes last year so i am trying to keep my a1c from inching up, but am also seeing benefit of weight loss and less arthritic pain-actually almost none anymore, when i adhere to the diet. good luck with your journey. i plan to maintain this way of eating forever. the foods are delicious. what kind of fats i was just diagnose of diabetic and now taking meds i'm sorry about that. do you know herbal treatment is the best for cure to diabetes? it's not only eating the right food but people need to exercise to help you metabolize better just saw it!\nyou need \"z+\" security if you are still alive and ready to kick those drug mafias waiting to make you disappear for spoiling.. their business!.. calculate and see also for yourself how much money they would have made by diabetic medicines.. alone!\nfind out z+ security in india from google.. i was 285 fasting 435 pp last month. i m 29yrs old. i m doing same as she suggests. within a month i had lost 7kgs nd now my sugar level is normal. cutting carbs is really helping me. hi.. sorry to hear that.. i'm 28 and diagnosed now... please tell me exactly what did you eat daily thanks. 8:33 \"it doesn't make sense...\" lemmesplain. the healthcare industry is a for-profit business that makes it's money by selling pills and procedures to sick people, not by selling fresh meat and vegetables to healthy people. health is not just physical health, but also mental, emotional and spiritual well-being. an important part of the healing process for me is to be active in herpes education, support and advocacy. i volunteer in a number of herpes organizations, and in particular positive men, because the impact of herpes on women is very different from men. i was once a herpes positive, i will forever be grateful to god almighty and dr spencer herbal home for reaching me when i thought it was all over, today i am happy with my family living free. after the medical doctor confirmed herpes status negative, after 3 weeks on dr spencer herbs . i have never in my life believed that herpes could be cured by any herbal medicine i first doubted but i have no choice but to trust and believe him and today i am happy to say i am herpes free, he can as well cure the following disease;\nherpes virus\ncancer\nasthma\nchronic disease\nlupus\ndiabetics\nfibromyalgia\nhepatitis b,c\narthritis\nfibroid\nlove spell\nspell to get your ex back\ni want to make sure that herpes never happens to anyone else. we can't prevent herpes by punishment, by stigma and discrimination. it's only through building a safe, supportive and caring environment, that positive people still have hope and they should contact dr.spencer via email:drspencerherbalhome@gmail.comtogether we fight to become healthy. you can also call or whatsapp him via his cell +2348058748415, you can also add him on whatsapp+2348058748415 thanks i listened. there are simple and complex carbs. was there any destination made? dr. mcdougal gets all patients off insulin while eating complex carbs and limited fats. yeah no! i was low carb for so long and nothing changed for me. i eat a plant-based whole-grain fruits and veggies. no meat no dairy and very little oil. it's way better. hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. nutritarian helped me allot, but keto has been much better. i agree that american way of eating is terribly bad and full of sugar (i'm mediterranean), but don't you think she is over simplifying the problem? like my former doctor told me many years ago.'' there's no money in healthy people'' lower the carbs and raise the fiber is the answer.. @andre b no, gluconeogenesis produces glucose from fats or protein after glycogen stores are depleted. @li tieguai sorry, but the body can synthesize the glycogen it needs during gluconeogenesis from fats and proteins. enjoy chronic glycogen depletion from inadequate carbohydrate intake clearly, as with any business, a for-profit medical system tends to create treatments that are designed to maximize profits. there is little profit in a cure compared to perpetual sickness. capitalism and medicine make strange bedfellows. while capitalism and the profit incentive can create research and breakthroughs that may not happen otherwise, it also creates a financial incentive to make and keep people sick. however, the same problems can also be created by socialism and socialized healthcare. whenever something is free it is abused. socialized healthcare discourages people from taking personal responsibility for their own health and well being, because it passes the costs of one person's unhealthy lifestyle on to others who work hard to maintain a healthy lifestyle. however, even private insurance passes the higher risk and costs of obese substance abusers on to responsible healthy people. want to encourage healthy living and reduce costs? want to reduce the profit incentive in medicine to keep people sick? enact public funding and give every american a small basic package of free preventative healthcare. allow insurance companies to charge high rates to those who are obese, abuse alcohol, or use drugs and tobacco. never pay for someone else's healthcare expenses that were caused by obesity and substance abuse. 1 tsp of the spice called turmeric on every meal for type 2 diabetics per mayo clinic. will lower a1c i fast for 23 hours twice a week i dropped from 15.0 to 9.9 i have also lost weight with the paleo diet. i am a type 2 diabetic. not sure what my liver gets from turmeric but i happy with a1c down and weight loss. god bless you for being a truth teller and for helping them. you are an angel! how to reverse type 2 diabetes in 3 weeks: *diabetescure3weeks. com* great presentation, love it but one question. where is the steak?.... sauteed mushrooms, i will take the steak. you could definitely have them, research low carb or keto lifestyle. hflc zealot the philosophy has to change for the lifestyle to change. the is priceless. one of the most informative videos anyone can watch here on youtube. thank-you so much! good ol american \"healthcare\" so that's why i was feeling tired for most of my life. but lately i cut carbs almost entirely (with gradual transition; not suddenly) and started walking more and more... and now i walk hundreds of kilometers in the mountains on very little food and water with no problem. i couldn't imagine doing that when i was younger. everything you say makes so much sense. this is also the philosophy of dr. berg. i don't think you have to call it keto. just do it and call it whatever you like. the sugar industry knows all this but doesn't want us to know. god bless this women dispelling the lie about diabetes being a \"life long disease\". that lie is to make corrupt doctors and big pharma rich. cheers! *type 2 diabetes @jim smith walmart sells coconut flour. for some people, diabetes is a life long disease, like myself. i'm a type one diabetic and my pancreas does not work, we found this out almost thirteen years ago. trust me, i didn't give myself this condition by eating carbs and i cannot reverse it by not eating carbs. exactly...its a soil health problem in reality @raul velez i was told the truth, repeatedly. i had an ultrasound 15 years before i was diagnosed as type 2 which revealed i had non-alchoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) which was recently confirmed by dna as a genetic proclivity.\nhowever, repeated blood tests showed that my glucose levels were below the pre-diabetic threshold.\nthe function of the liver is well understood, but there isn't a treatment for nafld, unless it becomes a problem for the pancreas (usually in later life).\nthe doctors have hidden nothing, they treated the type 2 just as soon as it was apparent, which is why i have never had any physical symptoms of diabetes.\nif bloods are not checked regularly, it goes undetected in some countries, until \"reversing\" it requires insulin injections. can i get this in spanish o subtitled? hi can i do intermittent fasting when i'm on insulin i take 3 time during da day n one at night pls help me i need to loose weight i'm trying but no gain cut the carbs first and your need for insulin will decrease and possibly go away completely. karen great talk. but heavens that voice is so annoying i am diabetics for 20 years, never know that carbs is not needed for the body and i can fast and no need to eat 5x a day. the presentation was performed as if everyone in your audience knows the difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes. constructive criticism, maybe instal the difference of the two this at the beginning of your presentation?? i found out that i have diabetes 4day ago. am so sad and i want to die. try to find a diet that helps it, either low carb, keto or for some people plant based. its very much manageable... so you eat more fats then the dr. tells you that nope, now you have high cholesterol and have to cut other good things that you love from your diet, and take more medicine for the high cholesterol. then you have to go buy more expensive kinds of food, probably that you don't like and don't want to eat anyway, take time to prepare it at home, and in my case, can't cook much, then have to clean it all up. so taking one of the very few pleasures i get from life, which is eating, away from me. no pastas, breads, sweets, fats, sugars, no pizza, or very little, i love pizza, you can't hardly eat a damned thing. just lay me out and inject me with something and put me out of my misery please. two words...intermittent fasting. my dad just passed away from diabetes. it's not anything to mess with-ravaged his body, foot amputation, lower leg amputation, constant excruciating pain the last years of his life. he was a vibrant healthy man - died too young. he didn't want to go, but his body gave out. he was on cholesterol lowering meds, 20?years. those drugs cause their own brand of illness-dam the ama!! dam the pharma co.'s. people put too much trust in outside things. my dad trusted his doctor. thumbs up, way up! hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. as someone with cystic fibrosis related type 2 diabetes, i agree 100% with this doctor... some of us who visit a doctor on a regular basis know that there are really good people (doctors) who really want to help you when you come in with an issue, or with managing a chronic disease... but, they do operate under guidelines, and some will actually tell you so.\ni have a deep relationship with my diabetes as it also affects my mood, strength, hunger, coughing, sleep, lung function and overall health... i would strongly recommend anyone to deepen their relationship with their diabetes with an exit in mind.\ni have been conducting tests and taking notes and my findings show that i've been taking way too much insulin (short and long acting) and i've been eating way way too many not so great carbs. it's not that my doctor(s) are clueless, it has everything to do with what i've been eating and how much of it... i also very much agree with this doctor's 5 rules for eating, certain carbs raise your blood sugar faster and for a longer period of time than others. be patient with yourself and your experiments while deepening your relationship with your diabetes, i suggest getting a little glucose monitoring system (i use the freestyle libre 14 day) so that you can check your sugar levels as often as you want, the little sensor is connected to your body (back of your arm) and you won't even know that its there! i'm very active, i work construction and swim and this thing stays put.\nconclusion: i barely shoot up fast acting insulin anymore, i'm able to almost always keep my blood sugar in my set range between 85 and 180 (2 hours after my first bite), my sugar levels no longer drop below 70 while i sleep and surely not when i'm awake. i also dropped my long acting insulin dose from 10 units to 4 units, in my opinion, it's very hard for doctors to recommend the right dosage of long lasting insulin, you must figure this out by adjusting it in increments... 4 units is my magic number for good health and optimum performance. the medical community is trying to kill us all. so is the fast food industry and the food industry in general. yes they trying to kill us and its not cheap agree no. they want us to just hang on well enough to pay for the monthly medication and 4 to 6 times a year medical visits. if you get cured, you are no longer a money machine for them. nutrition is not rocket science. doctors and nutritionists have created myriad of confusion with regards to health and nutrition. people believe them because they've read alot of books. i prefer my grandma's way of eating which is what these self proclaimed professionals have essentially learned. i would suggest ted talks hire my grandmother my heart is filled with gratitude as i'm sharing my testimony to the entire universe on how herbal doctor oduntun cured me from herpes virus that has been spreading through my body, i suffered from herpes virus since 2007 i often see symptoms in my private area nd lips, anytime i use acyclovir drugs it will go away then return some months later. it was disheartening since i have been diagnosed but after finding herbalist oduntun and his reviews on instagram @herbalist_oduntun i was convinced that he meant be of great help to me so i contacted him to know more about his herbal products and how i can get it delivered to me here in nuremberg,\nhe then said that he will deliver the herbal package to me through the ups delivery service with the address i will provide that is after preparing the medication with the roots and herbs ingredients he will purchase from the traditional market, so i keep faith believing that i can be cured completely with what comes from nature since it herbal medicine i took the risk and pay him the amount he requested to get the ingredients he started preparation as soon as i send him the money and submit my home address for the delivery today i'm so happy sharing this to the world i'm oliveira eniait from nuremberg (germany ) for more information on how to get in touch with herbal doctor oduntun you can reach him on what'sapp:+2349039463501 or his (email:herbalistoduntun@gmail.com) i'm a living testimony stay safe and stay bless burn fats with exercises and movements and smile a lot.\nthe same for goodness, no excess. 1 litre of soda per day and a lot of ketchup that has a lot of high fructose corn syrup, the perfect combination for diabetes. just do not consume sugars or fructose ok why are you saying a low carb diet if you yourself said we don't need carbs at all? ?? ok i just heard this lady that we don't need any carbs at all, but on a previous video a doctor mentioned that if we don't eat carbs we die, so who is telling the truth? very courageous of her to tell the truth in the face of the establishment medical monopoly. if greg doucette were ever to see this video... reverse diabetes? i don't know. i have been on low carb for a long time. it looks like my diabetes is gone but it's not. there are days i don't take medicine anymore but anytime i eat any anything with carb my blood sugar goes up. this low carb diet doesn't completely cure diabetes but it allows you to completely control your diabetes. my blood sugar average could be less than 100 with very low carb diet but i know my diabetes is no reversed or cured. i just have it under control by eating low carb food. good point and educational. however is not about chinese eating rice. is people eat carbs and foreign western food mostly includes potatoes!\nbtw, all cook food has a quantity pinch sprinkle of sugar in it.\nfats... hmm...\nan opinion eat everything in modest. what a useless talk. she never said what to eat instead of carbs. i know it works, i am off my meds within like 4 months and 40 lbs. so, how many carbs should i eat a day? not clear from the video except 'low' regarding the money to be made on keeping you sick. that is exactly why trump didnt even try to curb covid. he got in bed with big pharma at the onset (selling the drug they had to get rid of as it was expiring) big pharma does not make money on prevention. whether you live or die,,,,if you are hospitalized, big pharma laughs all the way to the bank. basically healthy people don't make money yea what if your a1c is 5.4 but you took an ogtt and your fasting glucose was 91 but within 1 hour it was 167 , 2nd hour 147. does that mean i am fully prediabetic? i am also underweight , i weight about 98 pounds, 29 years old, male. so basically i need to gain weight but it seems this prediabetes is in my way. any advice? so how low is low? what is the recommended max carbs? 0? thanks what about vegetables and fruits? they are carbs. and yes, some vegetables have some protein as well. not all carbs are 'bad.' no doctor or nutritionist will tell their patient to \"eat fewer vegetables.\" spinach, kale, collard greens, squash, zucchini, onion, mushrooms. for fruit: apples, berries, no fruit juices. also, beans and legumes are considered important in helping to lower blood sugar. who wrote her script? phenomenal diabetes 2 is a deficiency in 2 minerals chromium and vanadium and of real food and a healthy lifestyle why was carbs okay years ago? the last widely accepted prejudice?\n*laughs in borderline* coca cola has entered the chat i can't believe this.\na great testimony that i must share to all diabetes patient in the world i never believed that their could be any complete cure for diabetes or any cure for diabetes, i saw people's testimony on sites of how @dr_osasuwa_herbal_remedy helped them with the cure of diabetes . i had to try it too and you can't believe that in just few weeks i started using it i started having some changes so i had to go and meet my doctor to see if i still have diabetes but to my greatest surprise i was negative, thank you so much @dr_osasuwa_herbal_remedy i really appreciate\nor whatsapp +2347018138285\nor call directly +2349052095190 completely disagree with her recommendations. she did not show any studies that support the idea that carbohydrates cause diabetes. i understand that you may have your own opinions about this, but if you are going to get up on stage, you should be able to show some evidence. the only life style that has been shown in prospective, controlled, randomized studies to reverse diabetes are whole-food plant based nutrition which is low in oils. look at studies from dr. neal barnard there is no money in it for the drug companies to do a big study. you can get the evidence by monitering your own blood glucose. try this channel \"beat diabetes\" for an evidence based approach. he is not a doctor just prediabetic himself. [exercise] is one of the scariest words to a morbidly obese person. i wish the community would tell these people that they can lose hundreds of pounds chillin on the couch eating nothing but meat, eggs, nuts, cheese and green vegetables. sure exercise will come in due time, i'm talking about the beginning and whatever will motivate them to cut carbs to 20 or less a day. covid doesn't care about your politics. it cares about your bmi. careful people, she does have some coherent things to say but signing up on her website brings you a load of spam.\ncan you be \"cured\" of diabetes? you can manage it by eating in accordance with what your body needs...the body has an intelligence, listen to it. they are all out for money.....they all prey on weaknesses, illness, and vulnerabilities of the sick.....to a certain degree....that being the get rich angle. so you have to be careful. .i like keto, it's helping me to lose weight, but i'm not about to spend money on keto recipes when i can get them for free off the internet an angel fallen off the sky. thank you. the problem started when the president had a heart attack in the 70s and then the american heart association told everyone to eat less fats and more carbs in the food pyramid which resulted in super sized americans type two diabetes and profits for pharmaceutical companies. almost everyone was skinny in the 60s we ate bacon and eggs not eggo waffles and cereal. blackmuddyriver- you are absolutely right! i was just thinking about that. in indian culture vegetarian food was standard, we were healthy about 50 years back , last three decades we learnt the western diets, today in india we have diabetes and hypertension as an epidemic in indian subcontinent and people don't know she is a stage 4 lung cancer patient. and what's your point by exposing her privacy? i have thumbs up your video because i am sure you are right, but i love my carbs. @laura pollreisz yes!!! we get addicted to them, but are they worth your health? i have type 2 diabetes. i don't like sweets, never had. but i love carbs! can't get away of bread, pasta, rice and so on. thank god i'm never hungry. i have to force myself to eat. i'm italian descendant and carbs was all my grandma prepared in her kitchen for me. sure, she serve me vegetables and proteins, but all accompanied with lots of carbs. don't take away my carbs! lost 110 pounds in weight over a year doing this (and off asthma medication). please what have you eaten @cj zanders did you use non sugar sweetners? wow. you've just inspired me @cobar53 - usless carbohydrates! duh! i reversed my diabetes with carbohydrates, it worked for me! yeah, and i did it with arsenic. it is so good for me! awesome...very brave she forgot legumes: beans, garbanzo, chia, lentils, etc. little food and long lasting satiety science: legumes are super healthy.\nlow carb dogma: legumes are unhealthy because they contain carbs. low carb is the way to go carbs are good for you.. use a plant based diet and you'll be better off. healthy carbs like vegetables, lower gi level fruits, berries, apples are very good. she deserves a nobel prize for medicine! her and dr fung together will change the world! my goal has always been to get off the glipizide and trulicity injections, but i thought it was just cutting the carbs and sugars. it's true that i need to do that, but intermittent fasting is also the key. i'm saved!! lol! mediterranean, keto, low carb diets work. watch dr. berg, dr. berry on youtube. lost and maintained 70 lb weight loss.doctors make tens of thousands of dollars from pharmaceutical companys for getting people on diabetic meds. sick. i grew up in a poor place, we pretty much existed on potatoes, seaweed and vegetables with a limited amount of toxic chemicals and of animal products, therefore a very high starch diet. i knew barely anyone with cancer or diabetes and we had a lot of very old people. again, potatoes were our staple, i remember exactly one obese person who suffered from an actual glandular problem. i emigrated to america a the age of 25 and was fascinated by the prevelance of overweight and obese people, and it seems as though everyone is taking medication for something, when my family come to visit they are amazed and love people watching. we grew up on \"no snacks or you'll spoil your dinner\" and with limited choices. again i say mostly potatoes, cooked 100 different ways, we were probably a little under nourished but we were a heck of a lot healthier than the present day american. we also walked a lot every day. i find this presentation confusing because i have lived the opposite of what she is suggesting, as have generations of my family and community, no diabetes, obesity or heart disease. perhaps it's a matter of, real whole foods, no extremes, no fast food, no food in a box, just actual real food, and no snacks, just 2-3 meals per day stop overeating. you'd save a lot of money too. our healthcare system wasn't up to much either but we were healthier. i think this video may offer a quick, short term plan but for long term health it is not a good idea. my mother has not modernised her diet, , eats like she always has, as do most of her friends. they are in their mid 70s, more active than a lot of younger people and healthier too. diabetes is a disease of the modern era, and not necessarily a life sentence. i'll continue eating the old fashioned way, from what i see, that's the way to go for long term health, easy and cheap too @maggie moran well, the food served in most american chinese restaurants is not authentic. it's highly processed and very sweet. authentic chinese food is fresh and delicious, with plenty of fresh vegetables. there are chinese diabetics--my father-in-law is one. they have to cut back on rice and noodles when they get older. i don't think your story takes away from her argument, but it does raise some interesting questions. the speaker does say that healthy people can eat carbs with no ill effects--that means you had plenty of exercise, didn't eat sugary or processed foods, were a bit underfed (as you said, and this is healthier), and therefore eating lots of starch was no problem for you. also she talks about chinese food and how rice raises insulin levels. china, japan, vietnam etc. have rice and noodles as absolute staples of their diet and i don't see any obese diabetics walking around there either. strange happenings. @chaquita granita totally agree! bravo!\nbeautiful, excellent presentation! what low carb diet do you recommend to reverse type diabetes? and the $2000/ year savings is exactly why the ada doesn't give helpful info hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. liver rescue by antony william. amazing eye opener thank you a wise man once said, i want to live forever but i like pizza. thats like weed without the high there's low carb pizza. great information, bad choice of outfit. why would almost 7k ppl down vote this?? this is all proven stuff. i read that fenucreek seeds lower bloodsugar, impacts hormones and have 4,6 gr carbs/ 100 gr dry seeds. it seems ok to have them in meat/mushroom soup with herbs and cream. fenucreek lowered bloodsugar in animals at least. this was the talk that made a huge positive difference in my brother's life and health. for decades, he was overweight, eventually becoming obese, he was then found to be pre-diabetic. despite trying hard, he just couldn't lose weight and keep it off. he was always hungry, his knees hurt if he tried to exercise, nothing seemed to work.\nthen, quite accidentally, two years ago i came across this talk and the penny dropped! i started researching the topic (insulin resistence, food content, metabolism, etc.) and the result was a change in my brothers diet.\nwe threw out sugar and as many carbs as possible, replacing them with lots of raw and cooked vegetables, went back to eating eggs, meat, fish, cheese, butter, full cream milk. high fructose fruit were also banned. takeaways and shop-bought ready meals were thrown out of the diet completely, as was bread, cereals, cakes, ice cream (except birthdays). essentially, the meals now resemble what our gran used to feed us!\nthe result? in the first 18 to 20 months of the new diet, he lost 30kg:- he went from 128kg to 98kg, losing about 1 to 2 kg each month.. in the last 6 months he only lost a further 2 kg, but he is now getting close to his target weight of 92 kg, so it's good that the weight loss has slowed down. his blood sugar is under good control. now he can go for regular walks and exercise without the knee and back pain. the best of all is that he really loves the taste of the food and he is allowed to eat until he's no longer hungry - no more starvation diets.\nthanks to sarah hallberg - her talk was the start of a journey that really made a difference. searching for answers for my wife of 39 yrs. i have the weird habit of reading comments from everyone who takes time to do so before looking at presentation. because there is so much info out there. these comments from you are so filled with compassion, i'll be able to focus here for answers for my love. thank you so much for your insightful sharing. your sharing makes my journey of assisting my love so much more hopeful. \\ lucky is the man who married her :o) type 2 iddm, in healthcare, limiting my carbs to 20-30 per day! very effective with a1c in low 5's. keep rocking this message!! thank you what an amazing speaker!!! what are food options then if we leave carbs i don't understand. this is nothing new. everyone should know that type 2 diabetes is caused by excess of carbohydrates and can be reversed by changing diet and losing weight. couldn't make it past five minutes. her voice was like nails on a chalk board. you never said anything about the enportence of exercises it is important but not necessary in the beginning, i lost 45 lbs on low carb with no exercise. importance all of this could be explained more direct and simple. but she doesn't mention, even in passing, why carbs are popular. because they taste really good. i can't imagine life without pizza and fried chicken and sandwiches... just to live a few weeks longer but deprived of those delicacies. no thanks. i lower my carbs and i always feel hungry another keto person. people love good news about their bad habits. anybody got a summary? no time 2 watch. i wonder if she is still alive, saying those things even if true is a risky business the drug, sugar and carb industries will be pissed off. i bet she is insulin resistant by her look ( which for today is normal), and probably calorie counting. if she would eat carbs now her bd will skyrocket. the ada guidelines are just fine, but the problem is people can't give up on their steaks, cheeses and eggs etc' steak, cheeses and eggs are the cure. just don't eat them with sugar, carbs and alcohol. i always wish they would link the studies they reference j'ai guerit ma fibromyalgie grace a ce regime sans sucre, fibromyalgie egale resistance a l'insuline d'apres les chercheurs du texas great. hello , when ever i see any diabetes case i always want to say a special thanks to dr.osemuahu for helping me get cured from diabetes and chicken pox i was tested positive 5 months ago, i contacted him base on the testimonies i'm seeing about him\non the internet, i was cured too by him, he can help you, these is my little way of appreciation by spreading my happiness ... and he's able to help you in getting rid of any kind of decease that's affecting you ..... let me know if you want his info hello , when ever i see any diabetes case i always want to say a special thanks to dr.osemuahu for helping me get cured from diabetes and chicken pox i was tested positive 5 months ago, i contacted him base on the testimonies i'm seeing about him\non the internet, i was cured too by him, he can help you, these is my little way of appreciation by spreading my happiness ... and he's able to help you in getting rid of any kind of decease that's affecting you ..... let me know if you want his info hello , when ever i see any diabetes case i always want to say a special thanks to dr.osemuahu for helping me get cured from diabetes and chicken pox i was tested positive 5 months ago, i contacted him base on the testimonies i'm seeing about him\non the internet, i was cured too by him, he can help you, these is my little way of appreciation by spreading my happiness ... and he's able to help you in getting rid of any kind of decease that's affecting you ..... let me know if you want his info everyone, ignore this doctor and go buy the starch solution by dr. john mcdougall. you can thank me later. brilliant. why no obesity crisis in some parts of the world. why are their \"hormones\" normal then? to start off, obesity is a food problem. hello , when ever i see any diabetes case i always want to say a special thanks to dr.osemuahu for helping me get cured from diabetes and chicken pox i was tested positive 5 months ago, i contacted him base on the testimonies i'm seeing about him\non the internet, i was cured too by him, he can help you, these is my little way of appreciation by spreading my happiness ... and he's able to help you in getting rid of any kind of disease that's affecting you ..... hello , when ever i see any diabetes case i always want to say a special thanks to dr.osemuahu for helping me get cured from diabetes and chicken pox i was tested positive 5 months ago, i contacted him base on the testimonies i'm seeing about him\non the internet, i was cured too by him, he can help you, these is my little way of appreciation by spreading my happiness ... and he's able to help you in getting rid of any kind of decease that's affecting you ...let me know if you want his info no, nitric oxide... is always deficient in diabetic patients.\nincrease your 'nitric oxide' production capacity by eating at least a 50% raw plant based diet with lots of greens leafy vegetables and green smoothies with some parsley and cucumber and green apple.... this will help alkalize and oxygenate your blood and increase nitric oxide production. make garlic & onion tea to further boost nitric oxide. 1 garlic head and 2 large onions, 1 inch ginger.... finely chopped. simmer for 10-15 min. strain and drink the tea once a day. no is extremely important because\ndaily recipe summary. you m.u.s.t. be consistent to see results .\n* 2 large green smoothies. (spinach, mustard and/or moringa greens, green apple, parsley, cucumber, 'yellow' water melon, flax, pumpkin and dried papaya seeds)\n* 1 large mug of tea. (1 large garlic head, 2 large onions, 1 inch ginger finely chopped. 2 teaspoons green tea leaves, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds finely ground. (simmer for 10-13 min max.)\n* get 10-15 min direct sunlight exposure on arms, legs and upper body 3-4 times a week. no sunscreen.\n* drink only carbon filtered water\n* plenty of rest\n* stress management\n* diet rich in a variety of raw vegetables and fruits. steamed vegetables. a little steamed fresh fish.\n* use only organic sea salt (grey in color). nb: increase your salt intake. don't decrease it as doctors say. it's the opposite. sodium chloride is important to help channel nutrients into cells; important for water balance, healthy nerves, and acts as an anti-oxidant.\ni'm beginning to see positive results with my son...... she has an awesome body. thank you so much dr. hallberg. great video! simply brilliant information wow a 1 pound bag of almond flour in our town costs $17.99 . three pounds at costco for $55 but it's an hour drive there and back. the muffins she bakes are very expensive. you need to be pretty well off to eat a wide variety of foods without a lot of carbs. oh, and the stuff made with coconut or almond flour is not that great. need a glass of water ready. you wanna put berries in it to make it taste like something but thats more carbs. but if it cures you and there's no more insulin to buy.. the payback is nice... plus you live longer... can't believe i'm hearing what i've been saying all along and i'm not a doctor eat when you are hungry...dont eat when you are not!..a lot of logic in there. follow keto program..... i just learned about her cancer diagnosis dear lord i pray she pulls through it. what an inspiring lady! sadly, she's terminal. the system got corrupted by the insulin manufacturers i wish i could diet away t1 but, alas. where is the control group on your study? kind of weird that you did a research that shows that your method is better.....not that i do not agree with you, i totally do, but i think it should be proven in a more ethical way so confusing these days bc some of the docs including medical medium are saying that at kill your arteries and liver. mm advices opposite and in fact he is a very skinny guy with no muscles experiment and try different things and see what works best for you. thank you sarah hand down best talk evah on t2 diabetes this is how i lost 126lbs! this doctor is amazing! and i love her! if packaged food was not poison, we would not need to talk about illness.\nsure there are bugs out there that can do damage.. but we would tackle that instead. my mom died without me knowing this to save her. the pills prescribed killed my mom. i was so sad that within a year i was craving alcohol on a regular basis. it almost took me down. merci a vous i have heard that the american diabetes association (a fitting title for an organization that has only caused more illness & deaths from the disease) has recently changed their tune, in that they now endorse a low carb diet and admit that the body gets all of the glucose it needs from metabolic processes.\nif it's true, i am guessing dr. hallberg's science-based approach had a lot to do with this shift.\nquestion is, even without explicitly admitting they were wrong, the ada could possibly open themselves up to wrongful injury and wrongful death suits.\ntheir very contradictory statements are self-incriminating.\nwhat really makes me angry is that the veteran's administration health department is still pushing the \"45-60 grams of carbs per day,\" dogma, via the so-called \"move,\" program.\nmeanwhile, i try to steer clear of the quacks at the va, because they are constantly pushing statins...even after i presented the study that proves they do more harm than good (because reduced cholesterol puts us at risk.)\nof course, no matter how much evidence these big pharma whores are presented with, they'll never admit that the over-consumption of carbs is the primary cause of elevated cholesterol, whose primary purpose is to heal the inflammation caused by hyperinsulinemia and high blood sugar.\nthat's another class-action suit waiting to happen. i'll be the first to sign on. i hope they get sued what they have been allowed to do is nothing short of criminal. good day i am happy to the help help you offers and i will wish your programme to be established in my country southern cameroon .wish to hear from you please. thanks great presentation and great work dr. hallberg :) i super liked rule no 4 - \"eat when you are hungry. don't eat when you are not\" rules for eating @ 12:39 / 18:11 juicing is the answer don't eat processed food. don't eat sweets. don't eat bread. don't drink pop. sugar is the cause of weight gain and diabetes. cancer thrives on sugar. that alone should tell us something. prickly_pear the problem is that moderation doesnt help if you are insulin resistant because it doesnt stop cravings. even a little amount will trigger hunger so it will be difficult to handle and the person will eat more. so all in moderation doesnt work in this case. borderlands808 the starch solution by dr. john mcdougall is the answer. human beings have been eating starch as the main bulk of their diets for thousands and thousands of years without getting obese, heart disease or diabetes. potatoes, sweet potatoes, rice, corn, oats, wheat, barley, millet, amaranth, etc. add in beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, fruits and vegetables for variety and you're good to go. starch is filling and satisfying and gives you tons of energy. seriously, check out his book. it has changed my life! carbs are not the enemy! hope that helps. so we just eat grass? @prickly_pear if someone has any family history of cancer, no junk food, processed food etc. if it does not come from the ground, lakes or oceans, don't consume it. how about moderation? most people in my grandparent didnt have this issue. best cut out processed foods avoid the middle aisle of store . serving sizes of side dishes should be maybe the size of your fist.\ni cant tell you how many people ive come across who needed a hoyer lift or i had to ask for help because a person was too heavy to safely move because of weight and mobility issues brought on by diabetes and obesity. jajajaja ridiculo... that was an impressive video to watch . this talk is trying a spin-around post hoc fallacy; however, abdominal obesity has been shown to have causal effects on t2dm risk and insulin resistance. shirking responsibilities may comfort patients but it is not the full truth. the ada stresses in their guidlines that dieting is patient specific and should be indiviudally assessed and monitored, if a low carb diet worked for your patients thats great to know! most importantly, patients should exercise to promote weight loss to reduce adipose tissue (if necessary). otherwise, it is great to spread awareness, good talk! it has been shown in numerous studies that exercise has no effect on weight loss. wow all these year of not knowing. thank you. food and drug companies need sick people to thrive. meanwhile since they cant eat carbs they eat more meat and die of heart disease. a whole food plant based diet (high carb) has been proven time after time to be the healthiest diet around the world for centuries. do what works for you, if your blood work comes back ok on this diet, then whats to lose. from what i see, meat isn't the big heart wrecker, unless it is oxidized with sugar which causes inflamation. have a look at a person's blood work numbers after a keto diet. absolutely everything is at a perfect level in anyone i have talked to. the meat/cholesterol/heart disease theory has been discredited over and over. but also of course plant based is good too, just ask the cows. diabetes is nutritional deficiencies caused by a diet high in carbs and sugar which depletes the body of nutrients in order to assimilate, if you drink any type of alcoholic beverage even socially you have nutritional deficiencies that can lead to more severe problems down the line so stop it yikes i need to stop the cocktails coconut flour has a ton of sugar in it about 72 grams of carbs per cup, shame on you dr you should know this a diabetic patient would go into a coma if they ate it, you might try almond flour or forget the baking altogether and eat bacon and eggs and an avocado lots of salads cruciferous and cabbage kale 8 or more cups per day and other green non starchy veggies chronic fatigue : difficult to find something. the radiation of microwaves (magnetron)oven: tension in the muscles.that causes pain and also bad working of the guts: food is absorbed badly,so you have to little vitamins in the body. also bad feeling in throat and tension in the rest of the body. tension in the muscles is also bad sleeping. can we eat garbanzo flour? or will all lentils and legumes fall in high carb zone? does anyone else here remember the food pyramid being taught in your school? what was the biggest group? yeah, grains... no wonder so many newly diagnosed diabetics were kids in my younger years. turn the food pyramid upside down (as suggested in\n\"protein power\" by drs. michael and mary eades.) they even added sugar to the new one... @ 10:48, she says \"cured would imply that it can't come back.\"\ncolor me bewildered!\nif you get cured of pneumonia, you can get it again.\nyou can get cured of obesity (which she herself said is a disease) but, of course, it can come back.\nsame as getting cured of cancer or influenza or many other diseases.\njust because it can return does not mean it wasn't initially cured.\nnot understanding sarah's logic on that point.\nnevertheless, she gave a great and very helpful lecture.\nmuch kudos! its bcos you can get cured of pneumonia unless u get it again but diabetes cant get cured it can only be controlled. your glucose level may go to normal range with all the diets and exercise but as soon as you will go back to your before lifestyle your glucose level will begin to rise again something that donot happen with non-diabetic patients...it is like a wild lion behind the bars, its still there but behind the bars so it cant harm you but as soon as you will remove those bars it will attack you \"we will leave that grandstanding to dr oz.\" i'm on a keto diet and it only costs less than 5$ a day really appreciate if you can expand on that statement, i am new to all this what about rice? its not processed michael angelo much rive is processed and it is a carb which your body turns into glucose (sugar) quickly @tserevenad where's the scientific evidence? rice isn't good. i/m almost certain that 90 x cent of the people that voted against this video are overweight and /or diabetic in 30 years there is going to be a ted talk about how cutting carbs has been hurting people's health this is so timely, i'm having my bloods hba1c done shortly, i spoke to the nurse practitioner last time about my diabetes becoming more problematic. i have recently been thinking that increased insulin is not the answer, the insulin makes us hungry is the first time i've heard it, my dr has never explained anything thing properly. thanks so much, i will be changing my diet after some careful research. same thing with my grandmothers dr. for this and dr. for that.......... as a nurse who works with obese and diabetic populations, it's not all the doctors fault. a lot of people don't know how to eat and lose weight. or they don't want to do the work of changing their habits to improve their health. for them taking meds is easier doctor just repeat what they are taught by pharma else they lose their license. and there in lies the second problem. however the first problem is the misguiding from the 'doctors' on what they should eat ketosis is natural state only for famine mode[few weeks]. donot extend it to all year around lifestyle. wfpb hclf is natural state for all year around feast mode.\nketo can lower your diabetes numbers in short term, but animal proteins which it brings along cause cancer.\nfeeling sad that dr hallberg is fighting with stage 4 lung cancer.\ndr john mcdougall is still healthy at 74 old. whole food plant based is the way to cure as well as a sustainable life long healthy, planet healing, compassionate approach. great speaker. does \"no grains\" mean no oatmeal??? my oatmeal is 100% whole grain, but still pretty high in carbs. @finn mccool have a look at the channel \"beat diabetes\". @henry juarez thank you! what numbers would be considered 'safe,' and 'unsafe'? use a glucose meter 2 hours after eating oatmeal. and see what it reads. the meter doesn't lie. fantastic fantabulous wonderful video doctor. i'm 55,from india, just diagnosed with insulin resistance. thank god i saw your video. it wwas a breathtaking eye opener. i'm sending this video to my sister in usa who is also a doctor.\ngood job. please keep up the good work. you are one of the few docs who doesn't kowtow to the drug mafia. salut!!!!! ketosis is natural state only for famine mode[few weeks]. donot extend it to all year around lifestyle. wfpb hclf is natural state for all year around feast mode.\nketo can lower your diabetes numbers in short term, but animal proteins which it brings along cause cancer.\nfeeling sad that dr hallberg is fighting with stage 4 lung cancer.\ndr john mcdougall is still healthy at 74 old. whole food plant based is the way to cure as well as a sustainable life long healthy, planet healing, compassionate approach. this woman naturally has 1.25 default playback speed. 10 years ago my doctor diagnosed me with type 2 diabetes. just changing my diet, my blood sugar levels improved. i've been feeling better for 3 years now, i don't take any medication, and i've even lost 67 pounds with my diet improved! congrats how much hba1c uauuu, she really doesn't know what she is talking about. here is the problem with all pro-keto doctors: they erroneously, and dangerously, lump all carbohydrates into the same group and define them as bad. vegetables, legumes, fruits, and nuts are overwhelmingly proven scientifically to increase health and decrease risk of all diseases. keto is unsustainable as a lifestyle and will destroy your liver, kidneys, and give you heart disease, cancers, strokes, and alzheimer's. great you didn't die form dianetes, but the other top killers got you. look at the studies and see that a whole food, plant-based diet not only eliminates disease but reverses it, but prolongs life and reduces overall healthcare costs. keto for a season, sure, but as a lifestyle you will die sooner. vegans still get diabetes. cured my liver disease earthing is good for almost all health problems,go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home, no need to buy, it's free and effortless. i find people don't want to hear this! i've been trying to help people but they say their dr is taking care of them! i wish she had said how many grams of carbs per day mean \"low carb\". 20 grams! i was just diagnosed with t2d, and what she's saying sounds great. now wtf do i eat? you got this champ truth btold i ordered that book and the associated cookbook. thanks for the recommendation. my situation is a little different, i don't need to lose weight. i've been an avid swimmer and thin all my life. since i burn just about everything i eat, i've admittedly thrown caution to the wind at times as far as my diet. just proves this can happen to anyone. anyway, i will not be defeated by this! i recommend a book called \"how not to die \" by gene stone and michael greger no it's not one of those books promising how to live forever it's simply a book braking do how certain diseases come about and how you can pervent/ remove the chronic disease implementing intermitting fasting if you don't know what that is there's tons of videos showing the major benefits of adding that lifestyle change fasting in its self will drop you ac1s decreasing chances for strokes , heart attacks and more as for foods a combo of eating 80% whole foods mostly vegan unprocessed foods meaning one ingredient things such as sweet potatoes, beans, nuts cooking oils i recommend grapeseed oil high in good fats and lean (non fatty meats)because of the high saturated fats bad fats are saturated and trans fats they are arteries clogging which is a no no but there are good fats such as poly and mono these are good fats that removes plaque build up within the arteries food list check out dr sebi food list while cutting back on fatty meats and fasting you'll be good for recipes try \"tys conscious-kitchen \" on youtube i've lost 80pounds with fasting alone and you can to. keto diet. eat only every 16 hours. do that for a couple days or so. when you do eat, stay away from all sugar and carbs. when you think you've drank enough water on your diet, that's when you drink more. drink water before bed and as soon as you wake up. kudos for the video content! excuse me for chiming in, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is a good one off guide for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some amazing things about it and my work buddy finally got cool results with it. appreciate video content! apologies for chiming in, i would love your initial thoughts. have you ever tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (do a search on google)? it is a smashing exclusive product for reversing diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my close friend aubrey got astronomical results with it. nice video! sorry for the intrusion, i am interested in your thoughts. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (just google it)? it is a smashing one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my mate at very last got amazing success with it. at least someone who is honestly honest, i verified all the counsel and it is so true to reverse the types ii diab. also avoiding too much stress helps a loooot amazing,makes a lot of sense,great information what about vegetarians? they still get diabetes. i just found this video and agree with this doctor. however, i found another dr video who advised the exact opposite! his video was posted in 2012. personally, i don't advocate a \"one size fits all\" approach, but eat according to your bloodwork. in my experience, and those of my family and friends, dr. hallberg's approach works best. my blood work shocks most doctors i see, as i do not need any pharmaceutical medications, and that is rare for my age. they ask what i eat, they raise their eyebrows, then give me the state approved warnings. happy meals, folks. =:) since you are so obsessed with this topic diebetic and know what to eat and what not to eat why don't you start the 'macdonnel chain of restaurant' through the world and be a billionaire 'dr sebi.'say don't eat meat and card and fasting make health body eat quinoa veg and fruit and herb you cannot reach your by telling us reducing card what are we going to eat research low carb and keto diets, lots of info out there. eat low carb bread. a whole loaf of my low carb bread is 36 carbs. or eat meat or vegetables. or get low carb brownies or cake. can you make it simple just give us the menu for breaffast lunch and diner with weekly rotating meals. research online, there are low carb/keto eating plans everywhere. she has sample diets on her website you won't understand the concept behind the meals, if everything is given to you. it's a lifetime lifestyle change. look up such menus on the internet go earthing, it's good for almost all health problems including diabetes. go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home, no need to buy. is there a possible options/ cure for type 1 diabetes? is there anyway that a person can reverse that? try earthing, go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home,it's good for diabetes and other health problems. t1 diabetes is a whole deal. insulin production is heavily impared, so the need for injections is understendable, your body cannot produce it.\nthere are studies on pancratic transplantation (partial, just the endocrine part), but that's probably a heavy deal too. (i don't know much but probably needs meds to be sustainable)\nbut, and i say that just using some logic here, cutting carbs would reduce blood glucose, which would reduce the need of insulin after each meal and also long term side effect of high glucose. so this presentation does apply, it just wont reverse t1 because there is no endogenous production of insulin, but it will help a lot with the desease. she never uses the word ketogenic diet , but it seems she's promoting it. that another whole bag of fish that is not great for you. if you have t2d keto is amazingly good for you. my physician is amazed that my heart attack risk has dropped very low. keto is not bad. it is normal for many types of people. atkins? keto or atkins is low carb, that is what she is professing. the newest revolution is vegan way or not just vegan but plant based food.\nplus no sugar, no oil, no flour i have pasta and bread with a low carb lifestyle. artisan bread is 1 net carb per 35g slice and i make my own pasta with pea protein, egg and xanthan gum for less than 1 net carb per 100g uncooked weight. @glenn h. they show the nutritional net carb value from the label photo as 0.9g per slice. please give me a reference for the artisan bread carb count. i love homemade sourdough bread, but haven't been able to make it since going keto. next time try foxtail millets for your patients.... it works wonders.... all of this is true. i developed type ii with age and it was a blessing in disguise to be also diagnosed with gluten intolerance. i could no longer eat anything with wheat, barley or rye, which cut a lot of carbs right there (breads, pasta, flour, etc.) i try to eat no more than 8 grams of carbs a day, i lost 25 pounds, my blood sugar is now \"normal,\" and i feel great. i'll always be diabetic, but i'm doing everything i can to manage it effectively and (hopefully) ameliorate its bad sequellae. carbs are not a natural food for human beings. go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home, no need to buy. earthing is good for almost all health problems including diabetes. what about type 1 trying this? abraham d thank you! i believe i have inflammation and i have terrible migraines. i was also recently diagnosed with high blood pressure about two months ago.... try earthing, it's good for almost all health problems. go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet for home use. it's free and effortless. heart disease promotion western medicine experts treat the patients like a machine. they take everything in data. human body is not only bunch of muscle, blood and bone. medical expert never talk about human emotion level and impact of it to the health. why they are not discussing about it. doctors are being paid by medical industry owners?? yes any medical ailment now has a pill to go with it. doctors push the pill more than the importance of changing the cause does she even talk about going vegan? i faded in and out when she was talking. going vegan is what reversed my friends diabetes 2. try earthing, it's good for almost all health problems including diabetes. go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home, no need to buy. 7:00 fabulous talk. keep extolling the message. obesity is definitely misunderstood. it is definitely a disease and the misinformation about this condition is helping perpetuate it and also place blame on people. if the correct interpretation of the science of metabolism was understood people could obtain the right treatment instead of treated as sub-people. obesity is a disease and not people letting themselves go. if people don't know the correct rules then they have no chance to rectify their obesity issue. it may just be that gmo wheat is more common now and gmo causes inflammation of gut and liver by 3x the normal size.. studies show. diabetics should also check out dennis pollock's beat diabetes! youtube channel...he gives common sense basic diabetes advice and proves what he says by often times checking his blood sugars during the video. i wish someone could tell vegetarians how to do this thank you no insulin but metformin? statin?? why doesn't the medical doors get together and demand the diabeties assoc. change there protocol to the public for a low carb diet. dr jason fung who cures his patients of type 2 and heart medicines wrote the diebetics assoc. showing them how he cures his patients and they refuse to change the recommended way to eat ... it's criminal in this day and age when millions know how to reverse diebetics tgat they choose to misinform people with the wrong information to keep them sick .... because of $$$$$$. how can they get away with that when there is so much documented proof. is that not incompetence and neglect to all diebetics. its an outrage as a fellow doctor,\ni'm sure after doing this advertisement, you have more patients at your clinic, right?\nso your approach to treating diabetes is to start with a nutritional intervention, reduce carbohydrate intake, and remove drugs whenever possible? i think that is the correct approach. in fact we all do. in fact that is exactly what the ada guidelines recommend. but of course, putting excerpts from the guidelines out of context to make it seem like you do something different will no doubt make you more popular.\n1. insulin resistance comes from obesity, not the other way around.\n2. all guidelines on every single disease that can be managed through nutrition say that the first line treatment is nutritional intervention, and medication should be reserved for those who remain uncontrolled despite these measures.\n3. current guidelines (ada, 2020) do say patients should decrease the total amount of carbohydrates. why do you keep saying they don't? we do not create a vicious cycle where we recomment carbs so that they will need medication, because we never recommend increasing carbs in the first place. we decrease them, replace carb sources to include more fibrous vegetables and complex, low glycemic index carbs.\n4. no, we do not recommend you increase carb consumption when on glucose-lowering drugs. we recommend you have a carb source on hand in case you do develop hypoglycemia as a single dose. and after the event we will lower your medication dose, not increase your carb consumption. when you said we recommend increasing carbs for hypoglycemia you straight up lied through your teeth.\n5. guidelines do recommend very low carb diets if the patient can adhere long term. we also recommend you consider pros and cons. as you say, there is evidence that better glucose control can be acheived. but individualization is key, most fiber sources come from carb-rich foods, will you suggest very low-carb to a diabetic patient with chronic constipation? very low carb diets increase blood lipids, will you recommend it to a patient with high risk of cvd?\n6. yes, carbs are nonessential, but guess what, there is evidence that they are compatible with a healthy diet even for diabetics if we adhere to minimizing sugar and refined carbs while maximizing fibrers and whole grains.\n7. the guideline does not cover reducing insulin resistance? i'm sorry, does it not recommend losing weight (the single most effective strategy)? and reducing carb intake? and replacing carbs with low gi sources? and doing at least 150 minuts per week of aerobic exercise?\n8. in every single disease that exists, removing drugs whenever possible is adviced. it is a principle called drug de-escalation. don't act like you're the only one who does it.\n9. well done on your patient who no longer depends on insulin. that is very good news, but it isn't so much your success as it is a failing of whoever treated the patient first who skipped the nutritional intervention.\nbasically i agree with what you do. the reason i'm pissed is that you are purposefully inciting mistrust in other healthcare professionals for your own personal benefit. because of course, the rhetoric of \"doctors dont know what they're doing and big pharma want you sick\" is very popular and will make people trust you instead, am i right?\nhere in mexico we have a problem. people don't trust us anymore. to the extent that there is violence against doctors from people who believe covid isn't real and we kill them in the hospitals for some unknown agenda. and people like you are to blame. shame on you. dr. sarah hallberg....you are brilliant and brave....thank you for setting me on a path to long life! excellent video! there's also a lot of money to be made from selling you carbs. seinfeld - \"starch is a scam\" (season 8, episode 8) earthing is good for almost all health problems including diabetes. go diy a grounding mat, pillow or sheet to use at home, it's free and effortless, no need to buy. excellent presentation. hard to believe that there's 6.7k thumbs down. i guess they're paid by the food and drugs industries excellent!! very honest and. convincing presentation. i had to convince my endocrinologist that i have to cut my 1000mg janumet so i won't have hypoglycemia in the middle of the night. i hadto eat 2 tbspn sugar or 1 can of regular coke or a banana.. so, i decided to elliminate sugar and carbs totally from my diet. i have been doing this for 1 month without any of my medicaton. now my fbs is 6.2 to 7. after meals, my sugar is only 7 to 8. isnt that amazing? you are right doctor.! thank you for confirming what im doing. how irresponsible sarah is telling all truth!!! excellent talk! my 68 year-old brother-in-law has type 2 diabetes, and he has been able to reduce his meds use, lose substantial weight and save money by doing exactly what dr sarah hallberg stated, cutting out carbs in his diet, and many sugars too. the end result? a healthier and more energetic man.\nunfortunately big pharma and the agriculture industry have vested interests, and lobbyists in capitals around the worlds, that want to maintain the status quo. just look at the advertising on tv, from sugary cereals, to soft drinks, wheat-grain based breads, processed foods and more, and you can see why the obesity epidemic is a problem, especially in north america.\nit's your health - now you know what to do!\ncheers from montreal. she is talking bs. carbs and grains are the best thing for humans. all of the facts in these documentaries: cowspiracy: the sustainability secret - forks over knives - the game changers - what the health hope j don't know what it is. just check one of those documentaries all true facts are there. the dozens of rct's she mentioned... are you saying they are poor quality studies that shouldn't be taken seriously?\ni can see that focusing on blood sugar alone and not overall mortality it a problem, it that is what they do. i can't believe this. a great testimony that i must share to all diabetes patient in the world, i never believed that their could be a complete cure for diabetes or any cure for diabetes,i saw people's testimony on blog sites and comment section about dr voke a herbal doctor and the efficiency of his herbal medicine.i had to give him a try because i my self have been suffering from diabetes, and i was not disappointed. it took just few weeks i started using it i started noticing changes. i was cured . you can also contact him on his email:(doctorvoke@gmail.com) or text: +1(661)-797-0921 i can't believe this. a great testimony that i must share to all diabetes patient in the world, i never believed that their could be a complete cure for diabetes or any cure for diabetes,i saw people's testimony on blog sites and comment section about dr voke a herbal doctor and the efficiency of his herbal medicine.i had to give him a try because i my self have been suffering from diabetes, and i was not disappointed. it took just few weeks i started using it i started noticing changes. i was cured . you can also contact him on his email:(doctorvoke@gmail.com) or text: +1(661)-797-0921 i totally reversed my diabetes by going keto two years ago! dietary and blood cholesterols are two different things @harold fernandez cholesterols have nothing to do with heart attacks... that was false info based on incomplete data back in the day cigarettes were good for you. i can up that one better. l'arabinose is a sucrose inhibitor. in other words, take it before you consume\nsugar, and the body will not digest it, thus not affecting your blood sugar levels and not needing insulin\nas a diabetic would need. it is made from the by products of beets and is all natural. it is also fda gras\nmeaning generally regarded as safe. the only side effect is if taken too much, it has a laxative effect.\nyou can find it being sold on ebay. one company in particular has taken the extra step to have it 3rd party\nlaboratory tested to ensure it is l'arabinose. japanese have used it since the 1980's. this seller also offers\ngov't links to back up their claims. no disinformation is listed here. check it out.\ni have been personally using it for almost a year now, and my sugar cravings have diminished.\nthe weight loss is slow (after all, it took years to put the weight on) but steady. it is a permanent change\nthat will improve one's life. you will feel better. do the research, it is available and i know type 2 is reversible\njust as this lady states. have faith! thank you so much. your presentation is so correct. i can confirm this as a type 2 diabetic who hast tried low carb with amazing results. asians eat alot of rice = grain sorry but there is no such thing as pre-diabetes that's like saying you are pre-pregnant well duh you are either diabetic or your non-diabetic oh damn how the medical sickness industry ( big bully pharma ) hates people like her!!! keep up the good work, dr. sarah!!! i helped my dad lose 26 kilos a while back, we had smaller portions, cut things like sugar right down and walked in the evenings, he would regularly have his blood sugar checked and after losing the weight, cutting back on sugar, his doctor found he'd practically reversed his type 2. 15 years later he still monitors his blood sugar but he always has a good result. he is someone who has always eaten well not a lot of processed foods, it was mainly portion sizes and a bit of sweet tooth ;-) i love you doc! the pharmaceutical(fda) companies dont want this lifestyle. another reason for socialized medicine. getting people healthy for a low cost. first, hallberg must be thanked for the truth. next, we must realize that we no longer have a health administration. we have an industry that wants to keep us sick and paying. avoid using them unless you really must, then cross your fingers. they still do fix some things. don't be fooled insulin resistance can easily be treated, ever heard of the ketogenic diet combined with if. simple! its not a disease, you can't catch obesity, sooooo, keto diet? save money on meds. spend money on almond flour. stuff is expensive a voice of reason. thank you. in one comment you have encapsulated my exact feelings on the subject: \"we'll leave that grandstanding to doctor oz\". it takes you 18 minutes to get in a lot of data. it takes him 18 minutes to say very little. i am not near you but do you have an online support group or something like that? website don't work no more \"leave that grandstanding to doctor oz\"...\nboy he sure is a grandstander. i don't believe that is very ethical either. he seems like a charlatan to me. but you my dear doctor are amazing. thanks for such an excellent presentation! you are phenomenal sarah, thx for your advise \"let food be your medicine, and your medicine be your food\" hippocrates the biggest lie we've been told is that we need a doctor to interpret these studies for us. the education you need to read this research and understand it is out there and free online. a little bit of statistics, little bit of research methodology, and a good dictionary is all you really need for most of it. understanding who did the work, and who paid for it is very important too. universal fitness and nutritional advice doesn't exist. every person is different. like really, not like a special snowflake, but their chemical processes are slightly different. you have to educate yourself on biology and adjust your own diet with trial and error. you need the fuel that works best for your machine. excellent! many doctors are just legal drug dealers. i hope more people research and cure themselves of diabetes. great tedx talk by sarah hallberg. jason fung is also an amazing doctor for this subject. thank god for educators like them. yea! i call them licensed drug pushers. they don't like it when i call them that. where can i buy insulin? from a drug dealer at your local grocer. karen meets keto it is so disturbing that constant arm waving... bravo dr. hallberg! thank you for your experience, wisdom and expertise and... facts! so true, many asian won't accept these.\ntotally destroy your liver and pancreas.\nbeside carb, fructose from fruits just as bad, not to mention high fructose corn syrup and many artificial sweetener.\nyou should see what they feed patients in the hospital pure artificial sweetener. apparently the access to this info costs $250 per month! research it online, she is not the only one with this info and it's definitely not new. also look into keto diet. followed this. diabetes gone in less than two months. doctor none the wiser after blood test :) i am a diabetic type 2 i want to reverse and live a normal life. try low carb or keto takes 6-12 months to become a non-diabetic again. please help me, i have t2d, on inulin and want to start a lkhf diet, but i'm afraid to, i have frequent bs crashes if i have one while lc, what can i eat to resolve it that won't kick me out of ketosis i have asked this often of many and can't get answer, what to do? great presentation, too! are you on meds? work with your dr to lower your meds as you lower your carb intake. can you please provide your contact information? i would like to know more. thank you keto works... but combine it w intermittent fasting... problem solved. insulin is only liquid gold if you live in the us btw. it is not expensive to produce and not difficult at all to make in huge amounts. the us just loves to rip of its victims domestic and abroad :( when it comes to caring for its people it is not a nice country at all.\nso listen to this doctor and take good care of yourselves :) they are very much to blame as well as others. this is why vegan diets will not work unless they cut carbs big time. meat with veggies is the way to go. burning more calories than you consume and still gaining or maintaining weight is literally impossible.\nthat would break the laws of physics.\nthis woman is a charlatan. percentage of obese people that run over 20 miles per week?\nzero.\nthis is not a coincidence. or do any exercise. obese people have ruined then own insulin. they are the ones to blame because all they had to do is simple work on their own health. can u reverse type one also. no, but you can control it better and live longer with less health problems. this is the ted of old, where are they now? let's all be honest, doctors are paid for, they supply meds and they get paid, they supply vax and they get paid, they get 'motivated' all the time - of course they will drug you for their benefit american chinese food has msg which me sick with a headache same with the artificial sweeteners. american chinese do not use msg in food (or only rarely) they cook for their own families. the use of msg is common in restaurants that cater to anglos because historically that customer base was a bottomless pit for sodium. she has missed the micro-nutrient contribution from the carbs of vegetables, fruits, including legumes. everything in the plant based diet, in nature, are carbs. she is living in the 1980s. she is out-of-date on the proof from research for healing, building immunity, increasing metabolism! keto is the cure that the medical industry doesn't want you to know about. @the inner light wanta make a bet. nope! i love her... i do... she's so energetic and true... that speech wasn't long enough! effective\nthat's great. i used to work for a research professor who studied hyperbetalipoprotrinemia. there are no bikinis here jesus fasted and prayed excellent information gadbles you psilocybin royal blue tea & bbbeet juice i had always been hypoglycemic until 2012, then i was told i was pre-diabetic! i am 62 now and can't take shots, just metformin, and it's not helping much! i don't eat a lot of carbs, i was taught 4 basic food groups! i don't buy boxed, canned foods, i buy fresh or frozen veggies, and buy meat, very few fruits! now what? look at all of your food & drinks & sugar substitutes and throw everything out that has these listed in them. high fructose corn syrup, maltodextrin and dextrose. horrible sweater! i am not sure the keto diet is the cure. this dr. is very well intentioned but she does not have the whole picture. watch rich roll podcast about diabetes with cyrus and robby. much much much better information. what this woman is talking about is a very temporary solution that will back fire long term. please, if you have diabetes check out \"mastering diabetes\" by cyrus khambatta and robby barbaro. they can't make money off of you if you get cured. their job is to treat you and if they can't treat you then they are out of a job. just another theory. just as good as all around science. dr. i quit all wheat products (to make lupus symptoms go away )\n) about two years ago, and my diabetes dropped to normal levels. she's another quack telling us we are victims of our hormones. ingesting significant carbohydrates is essential to maintain energy. without this energy rigorous exercise becomes almost impossible. the quack forgets entirely about the critical role exercise plays in defeating obesity--and this is a matter of self-discipline and not hormones. the lazy obese person looks for a way out of exercise--hence the popularity of the keto diet (low-zero carbs) promising weight loss without any exercise (just another fake cure-all for lazy obese people). i'm 78 years old, 6 ft. 3 in. tall, weight 163 lbs and still lean-muscled. i eat plenty of carbs, need no doctors or prescription drugs. for the last 65 years i have rigorously and regularly performed body-weight/aerobic exercise routines at home. i ride a bicycle almost everywhere i go. it's all a matter of personal discipline, people should want to exercise. humans were built to be active and not sit back on a couch watching television or stupidly wasting their time on unnecessary phone calls on their smartphones. thank you. i'm another walking example of the veracity of her claims. down 80 lbs (hoping to ditch 60 more), no meds, and fasting blood sugar is generally in the 70-90 range. you can start by burning those hideous blue slacks, they detract from the presentation and flatter no one. she appears to exemplify what a compassionate, educated, morally sound doctor is supposed to be but for her attire. hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. tell that woman to put on a dress and stop wearing mens clothing, pants. brilliant listening to this talk many years ago changed my thinking forever! thank you. this would be more effective if she sited the clinical studies she spoke of. and then you'd go & read them & understand them..? there's no one to blame for the obesity epidemic in america except the fda and the standard american diet and the people who knowingly eat the standard american diet. people must assume responsibility for their own decisions and actions. god bless you dr. halberg! 10 years paleo low carb, high blood pressure now, why good video, good information but... i went to her website, signed up and have been battling spam since. did not expect, nor thought a person who seemed respectful, and was advancing good medical information would unleash a wave of spam...be careful. i eat an average of 1kg of carbs in a day. what am high? i am diabetic for 10 years, on metformin and insulin, i have active throughout my life , cycling, long distance running, i struggled with weight and my glucose were hardly ever controlled, hflc meal plans, and not eating processed junk. in jan 2020, i became vegan after lots of research, in 1 week, i stated experiencing hypoglycemia, hence i had to cut insulin dosage, my weight was 85kgs, in 8 weeks i was 74 kgs, off insulin, metformin dosage down 50%. latest hba1c is 6.2. this all whilst eating a whole food plant based diet, my recovery rate from exercise is phenomenal running 90-110km per week. my point is animal fats will kill you. she advocates cutting all veggies and fruits, seeds, legumes without actually saying it. all foods very in fibre, which flushes out all toxins from the body. this is crazy advice. people who follow a omnivorous diet versus plant based are u healthier than the latter, do the research. their bmi is on avg 4-5 points above a vegetarian and 5-7 higher than that of vegans. the biggest challenge is self discipline. the rewards are unbelievable excellent information. for anyone out there with gallstone/bile production issues, i am personally of the opinion that this too might be due, at least in part, to excess carbs. yay! insurance policies that wont allow you to prescribe meds that keep hunger down like januvia keep us eating and hard to overcome over eating. we have to have more help - thanks a lot doc .docs like you deserve nobel prize for bringing the truth out there. her voice is so like a grandma's lol fast forward to 2020, the latest figures state 88% of americans are metabolically unhealthy. yikes! what about the fact that asians do not have an issue with this and eat excessive amounts of rice? sanjay mourya white rice is a refined carb and that's standard in the typical asian diet from east to west to south asia. you'd be wrong to say they don't eat refined carb they don't eat refined carb... many asian don't have concept of dessert.. no fast foods... great info! thank you very much! 6.6k thumbs down from the pharmaceutical lobby. whole food plant based diet works to reverse type 2 diabetes. the only thing your brain really wants and needs is carbs. whole unprocessed carbs. i like the fact she wants to reverse health problems and not manage them. buuuut, carbs are absolutely essential. dr. dean ornish, dr. michael gregor, dr. klaper, dr. mcdougall, dr. garth davis - all promote carbs. read the blue zones! no carbs? once i tested: i had a pure protein breakfast and went out to do heavy gardenwork (digging and shoveling). after one hour, i was drained. next day, i did the same after having had a good handful of boiled whole grain pasta. i did 3 hours of digging - got a bit tired - ate an apple - and went on digging for another hour. we need carbs to function. not true for all of us.i have much more energy on keto after the initial week or so. lot of money to be made when keeping you sick that's hospital use for eat when you hungry and stop eating before you full that is prophet muhamad says 1421 years ago... big profit to keep you sick that's hospital use for the pharmaceutical companies producing all those diabetes meds will be so pissed. of course, big pharma has no interest in keeping people sick at all, have they? nor the medical industry. so much for, \"first, do no harm.\" super interesting, gonna pass it on to my father. thanks for posting this seminar. a very good lecture. most informative. try carb back-loading by john kiefer or dan duchains bodyopus, both great strategies! if you want to learn how live for life. take a look at advanced physical culture practitioners and competitive bodybuilders, single-handedly the one demographic of humans that eat for optimal health and human performance, whom understand how to manipulate body composition to meet their demands and desired look to their body. these people are not unique they are all of us, look after your body you need it for at least 70 years and you only have one. brilliant talk dr sarah thank you hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. exactly, thank you for educating people clearly and passionately hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. what an awesome talk!! thank you. big pharma and the food industry is the problem. blocking useful info and feeding people $$$meds and poisonous foods like sugar (highly addictive). the cheapest food is the worst for you, wheat products, sugar, cheep vegetable oils. even some nuts like cashews give you too many carbs, it's good to check. two months into no carbs and i have no hunger what so ever. i went cold turkey, feeling so guilty about daily woofing a chocolate bar in one sitting, that's what helped me, but perhaps some people need to slowly lower their carb intake. what really helped me was combining all this with intermittent fasting. i started with 20-4, but found 18-6 to be more suitable and much easier. on days of hot yoga i completely skip dinner. i found omad to make me feel much better. also love my bulletproof coffee tasting much better with heavy cream as well as butter and mct. after i started using mct in my coffee, i completely stop feeling any bits of hunger. all doctors should be as passionate as this one, caring about their patients rather than the commission they get from the pharmaceutical companies for prescribing drugs. i still dont get the cause for insulin resistance. avoiding carbs when insulin resistant seems kinda logic, but how do i get this resistance? are people really healed from diabetes when eating low carb or are they just avoiding the symptom by keeping blood sugar low? hows the blood sugar level after a low carb diet when you start to eat carbs again? is it me or her talking is annoying?? i ran from starchy food the same day i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes with a1c of 10.9 . i went straight keto and 4 months later, i lost 30 pounds and brought a1c to 5.5 without taking pills-doctor can't believe it up to now. i feel so great! keto is a life saver! excellent video content! apologies for the intrusion, i would love your opinion. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is an awesome one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some awesome things about it and my friend after many years got amazing success with it. great video content! apologies for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is a good exclusive product for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my work buddy at last got excellent results with it. i found ketogenic diet is only useful with calorie restriction or athletes otherwise you get arteriosclerosis. bundeskanzler brat tack biodeutscher negative, ghost rider. if i had an infected leg wound and the infection caused a fever, my doctor would recommend a cold compress for my brow... @lucky 1038 the truth is not serious. it just is. you are too funny. something is funny when it's true. find another doctor. thank god we have choices. hba1c check out good talk but fyi from personal experience be careful of over-reliance on coconut oil and other mct (medium chain triglyceride) foods like palm oil and dairy. keep your fatty acid chain lengths a heterogenous mix. mct doses add up and in my experience the following paper on mice explains a real world consequence of overdoing mcts which applied to me, though i do have immune hypersensitivity problems.\n\" dietary medium-chain triglycerides promote oral allergic sensitization and orally induced anaphylaxis to peanut protein in mice \" i truly do not understand how there could be so many dislikes for this video. this is a right to the point lecture that is probably one of the best talks i have heard in a very long time. sarah makes so much sense and she said it all in a concise and precise presentation. incentives of money, vacations, even cars are offered to doctors by the drug companies to prescribe their products. instead of counseling patients, like sarah does in her practice, to eat a healthy and nutritional way to manage their weight and diabetes, they suggest weight loss surgery or prescribe a pill to fix the problem. the new doctors being cranked out of med school seem to be in it for how much money they can acquire (can't blame them for wanting to earn a good living) and not for the noble profession of trying to help their fellow man. the doctors give patients, on the average, seven minutes per doctor visit and well before the end of the consultation, the prescription pad/computer is pulled out and the doctor is stating he wants you to start metformin, etc. this is so frustrating for the patient who wants a doctor and not a pill dispenser. grrrrrrrrrr maina sab desi nuska try kr liya mera dad ka blood sugar level 520 tak pohach gya, last mai k our ayurvada company ki ayurvadic medicine li 2800rs sir 3 months medicine khai, abhi thik hai aur koi medicine be nhi kha raha all the joints hurting! like dr.mcdougall says. \" people like to hear good news about the bad habits! that's why the loud clap in the audience! read mastering diabetes from cyrus k. and listen to dr. neal barnard . @viktor fabian\nis that true? @viktor fabian very sad!!! they are the best ones. poor sarah hallberg has stage 4 lung cancer now. very reductionism view on the topic doc! this advise is the opposite of the fork over knives approach. i think f over k is more reliable and makes more sense. @laura pollreisz well, yes and no. it's my goal but i usually fall short because of my lack of will power, giving in to junk cravings and comfort eating. sometimes i keep it up consistently for about a week and it's amazing how much better i feel. i just wish i could keep it up for good. i do find it difficult with my family though. they struggle to eat loads of beans or simple natural food, even more than i do. have you tried it? grazie! abbiamo bisogno di zero carboidrati al giorno! no pane, pasta, zucchero,riso,patate. massimo zannoni i also cut out all carbs, bread, pasta, sugar, rice, potatoes. as well as nuts like cashews and pistachios, and reduced fruit consumption. sadly this beautiful doctor just wrote an article stating she had stage 4 lung cancer. please pray for her. whether you agree with her methods no young woman deserves this diagnosis 14:30 hmm, but she has stage 4 cancer now.\nwhen some one sell you snake oil and same time he accidentally drinks his own snake oil. that karma. all about money...once again.\nthank you for your ted x talk! omg, can't believe i am totally free from diabetes after using dr. umoru effective herbal medicine which i ordered. you can get more information on dr umoru youtube channel. she's a brilliant caring woman. i'm lucky to be a patient of hers and to just know her @artjoms pugacovs what are you talking about? are you ok? thanks sarah! this video was the beginning of my lifestyle change over a year ago. i began a keto low carb diet and now i'm no longer diabetic. all other health issues, too numerous to mention are gone as well. @cultured sims don't do keto. just do low carb... i'm 13 and my mom said to cut sugar and carbs and exercise and eat healthy and i'll get better i got diagnosed recently,so on a keto low carb diet i can get better? aren't fruits and vegetables carbs? are we supposed to limit theses? yes, all fruits, vegetables, grains, sugar, etc are carbs. limit your carbs to non starchy carbs; that means no beans, grains or root vegetables. look up on internet for non starchy vegetables: there are too many to list here. she talks about eating an american style chinese food meal. however, there is no explanation as to why asians are less likely to be overweight even though many eat high carb (white rice and/or noodles three times a day) and lower protein. i try to eat low carb because i have fatty liver but my ethically chinese wife is a little older than me, is not overweight, has labs like a healthy child, and eats processed carbs every day. i can think of only two explanations: one, it's genetic. and two, diabetes and insulin resistance, like other hormone issues, can be caused by exposure to toxins and pollution, especially in childhood. some people smoke four packs of cigarettes and don't get cancer.. i can not do a lot of fats,had hep b as a child!can not eat cauliflower ,cabbage or fatty meats it causes my gall bladder to act up!so what can i eat?oh yes just got false teeth!got to stay to softer foods!sorry but potatoes are one of the few things i can eat!i guess i am just screwed with my diabetes! the healthiest people on the planet literaly live on carbs alone lol eg athaletes and people in countries where there diet is solley based on beans rice legumes etc !!!????? duuuuuh i have never heard a bigger load of bollox in my life ! lol this is exactly what i have been doing to my mother the past 3 months - results? from 4 insulin shots a day down to 1 or even none. she had seizures from keto acidosis last november, so they had her on about 100 units of insulin a day. assisted living home wouldn't control her food - gave her ice cream and cookies for dessert. now she is home with me and getting better and better. listen to this doctor - she is rare and should be prized. makes me so sad that such an awesome person has stage 4 lung cancer :( the blame game has no winners only losers...stop playing thanks doc! i tried this 3 months ago and my aic dropped from 7 to 6.4 and i feel great!!! hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. what did you eat? wow congrats good job diabetes and cancer treatments are big industries, too much money is being made which prevents real research to end the grip of large pharmaceutical companies on the public. i usually get this wonderful logic from dr eric berg. it's equally as wonderful seeing it as a tedx talk. this should be the norm. let's make it so and spread the word as far as possible. good to add: be careful with fats:\nhealthy: olive and cocounut oils and animal fats, but\nunhealthy: margarina, all vegetable oils which increse insulin resistance (see dr ekberg more recent videos here in youtube) pat - thank you so much for mentioning this! i have turned myself around by getting off these cheap vegetable oils. good old butter, ghee, olive, coconut, algae oil (?!) have helped me maintain far better cbg control. there's a simple reason that there's a problem with \"standard\" diabetic advice...\nits financially motivated, rather than medically motivated. it's also incredibly outdated the reason for everything, because everything is commeeb money,....morals, honesty, goodness - none of which exists anymore !!!! @jo im the older i get, the more that i see the worship of the almighty dollar... and don't you think that people people producing all these carb free flour and other highly refined products are? yup. but what dr. hallberg leaves out when she mentions this toward the end of her presentation, is that it's not only health care dollars that are being harvested by keeping this epidemic going strong. the agriculture and food sectors are not only as culpable, but may be more so. 7:08 <- this is how drug companies make big bucks $$$$. their profit margin drives all their decisions ....... she is a talented speaker. thank you dr sarah for your information i really needed it am having a hard time getting my inulin down an intelligent, beautiful, brave woman helping people! can you get more beautiful than that! great information; thank you.\nbtw, this is the first time that i'm hearing a young individual saying gyal. i've heard only old people saying gyal; i'm very surprised! is gyal really a word? what about the intake of sugary food? sugar causes ir. i am curious for people who is not yet sick, continuing to eat carbs but cutting out the fructose might be enough. low carbs may not be necessary. she talks alot about high glucose consumption and high insulin output. but i think fructose is much worse. it causes fatty liver, drives hunger even more, increases triglycerides and is a bigger factor in causing insulin resistance. if fructose was traded by glucose there would be far fewer sick people. love my yogurt and dairy products, would be hard to give up... research keto , you shouldn't have to give up most milk and dairy products. unsweetened dairy is low in carbs. you could still eat this in small amounts. great and i agree. i am wondering about what you are finding with other health indicators? for example, cholesterol, bp and especially longevity of life. read up on low carb/keto, usually all of these improve too and also chronic pain is improved. would you give an alcoholic alcohol to cure them or a smoker cigarettes? this is the problem with current medical guidelines, they are treating the symptoms of diabetes type 2 by giving more insulin and drugs to cram the sugar back into your cells. this is complete nonsense, you need to reduce the amount of glucose in your body and you can do this effectively through intermittent fasting and a low carb diet. carbohydrates are sugar, for most people who are type 2 they only think of direct sugar ie: candy bars fruit etc. dietary advice has been wrong for the past 50 years. thanks ancel keys. name me an essential carb? so where do we sign up to sue general mills? i just slashed sugar, fruit juice, potatoes, bread. easy. @530paradise i'm losing weight very slowly 75 days on omad and only lost 15 pounds. i guess i didn't have much to lose compared to some people. 15 more pounds to go @kaun troap update- with intermittent fasting i'm now out of prediabetes range! yay!\ni've had this problem at lower weights than i'm at today. so its not exactly as simple as weight loss. check out dr. jason fung's \"diabetes code\" book. super helpful (i also exercise 5 days a week which isn't discussed that heavily there but i think is considered blood sugar 101) @530paradise oh i have about 20 pounds to go until 130lbs @kaun troap not until i started intermittent fasting. once i added that, although my meals didn't change, i lost like 12 pounds pretty quick. then it kind of stabilized out, but i didn't have much weight to lose either. i've stayed now, at 123 instead of of 135 ever since. @530paradise it hasn't helped? did you lose any weight? your enthusiasm is infectious!! someone that finally says very clearly what you need to do. thank you :-) great talk thanks for the clear advice and i will use it and let you know my results many thanks i beat mine with lemons and hot water she's great! an old standby book from the 1975 is \"the sugar blues\" by william dufty. it made sugar my enemy forever, and probably saved my life... i am a carer and its so frustrating for me to actually get the family on board as far as change of diet is concerned for their 84 year old dad diabetes type 2. we are 3 carers and it seems as if i am the only one concerned. this makes my job hard if a family member says whatever. sandra laing you can do this. keep voicing your concern and just start doing a lchf diet anyway. than they'll see for yourself. i encourage you to stick up for yourself. in my knowledge that type2 diabetics are treated with metformin and diabetics are treated with insulin i m really confused here. i always feel like these talks aren't long enough, and i want more information. awesome! thank you, dr hallberg! you may have saved my life!! eat more fiber! how do i find someone like you in michigan shut up and pit on your mask. thank you so much for this video excellent video. but will this work with people who have hyperthyroidism? i wish you could school the northern ute seniors cafeteria cooks on this.....they need this training to help their senior citizens......in ft.duchesne, ut....... \"diabetes is a state of carbohydrate toxicity!\"\n\"insulin resistance is essentially a state of carbohydrate intolerance!\" @noblumoon i'm sorry for your loss. every case is different ofc and it's impossible to truly know what her specific condition was regarding to what kind of damage her body already was subjected to and so on. it's possible she got several years extra bcs of the plantbased diet that she otherwise wouldn't have had... it's also impossible to know exactly what adherence anyone has really to a diet and exactly how she put together her version of the plantbased diet. i absolutely don't want to speculate around that, she might have done everything absolutely perfect! i just do know that a whole foods plantbased diet have healed so many, not only from diabetes but also from heart disease and even reversal of alzheimer's disease in some cases so the diet in it self is awesome, but there are always personal differences that can make it difficult to thrive on it ofc! i know that for myself that i did blame the diet when i failed after being vegan for ten years. and i was very vocal about it sadly, that i did everything right and it was the diet that was faulty... after a long period of trying both omnivorous dieting, keto and even carnivore and my health just got worse and worse i had to do some really deep soul searching and after digging through all of my defense mechanisms, ego and wanting to be right, i had to realize that i actually had several factors contributing to my failure on the vegan diet. today, i'm back on a whole foods plantbased diet and i'm doing awesome! i'm avoiding known \"troublemaker\" foods like gluten, soy,corn, nutritional yeast, caffeine and chocolate and vinegar for example and i'm pounding in the fruits, berries, greens, herbs, mushrooms and roots/tubers. combining the whole foods plantbased diet with the anthony william information has become a gamechanger for me. i'm truly sorry for your loss! @cammi eklund actually, it isn' t. i wanted to know people's response to who has benefits and who doesn't. a family member died at age 60, t2d, who followed this type of eating for more than a decade. it was the complications from t2d that finally killed her. and her long adherence (+10 yrs)to the plant based complex carb, high fiber diet did not heal her. @noblumoon yes, that's the only way to truly reverse diabetes! what about a plant based, high fiber, high complex carb (legumes, etc) diet? @suman dhayal not type 1- that's for life and we need insulin but type 2 is able to be reversed easily if you cut out the carbs...\nyou also need fats.\nnot sugar unless you take insulin. i am forever grateful to dr umoru who cured me from diabetes with his effective herbal medicine. insulin resistance has long been purported to be a bad thing. more importantly it is the bodies last defense against glucose toxicity within the individual cells. resistance is the only biofeedback mechanism remaining for that cell to remain viable. so, by prescribing the use of insulin we sign a death warrant to those cells healthy enough to resist the glucose overdose of the american diet. great advice. cut all carbs you can, there is no way to eliminate enough carbs to cause any harm. i love potato and pasta? we get addicted to these things, you can break the addiction. a moment on the lips is a lifetime on the hips. a lot of truths here, but also a lot of half truths. carnavorie way to go broccoli also has carbs how many carbs should you eat a day on low carb 20 or less. great dedication to put your points, very beautiful lady, very beautiful presentation. lot of respect for you.may god bless you. excellent! thanks for understanding. if you cut the carbs by cutting the processed products we tend to call food - good, this works. this is why the low carb approach can work.\nif you cut the carbs by cutting the fiber sources, the real food, the whole grain, the real whole grain, the legumes, the sweet potatoes (not the fried ones), the apples and berries - this may not be healthy at all.\ncarbs are not the problem. processed foods, sugar-sweetend beverages, hcsf, to much meat and animal protein and fake food are the problem (why animal protein? look at the insulin spike you get when you eat a steak (leucine is a higly insulinogenic amino acid and it is predominantly found in animal foods)\nthis is macronutrient simplification. nutrition is way more complex than that - as far as i know.\nbut i aggree we should focus on reversing type 2 diabetes by addressing the food our patients eat rather than accepting and managing it. and this video is a good step in the right direction. so much for going vegan if she is right, why dont she sues the responsable? if you last 40 years to realized this, well, what a great mafia system they have this young lady is spot on. carbs and processed food is slowly killing us all. i applaud her for telling the truth. that being said, i would expect her state board of health to censure her at the behest of one or more pharmaceutical companies. big pharma buys politicians, bureaucrats, and organizations like the fda, cdc, ama, ada (both), and nih. they \"give\" grants and endowments to colleges to promote medical training that supports the sale of their products. they file complaints with the state's boards of health against doctors who try to make sick people well. well people don't make the ceos and shareholders of pharmaceutical companies rich. medicine in the usa is a for-profit industry. there is no profit to be made from healthy people. i hope she keeps preaching the truth. portion control. simples. thank you for an excellent explanation of the issues associated with diabetes. i am free from diabetes with the help of dr umoru herbal medications. this seems to contradict the scientific evidence of cyrus and robbie in their studies and research on mastering diabetes. i found that making millets a part of the diet is an excellent answer. but my diet was rice based. now millet based. i can really see the light of what she is saying none of these really work despite the claims we need to know why the cells become insulin resistant at some point in time . like i have seen people go from 5.5 to 7.5 in matter of 6 months.. have you ever tried it, there are many of us who know it works, have you not read the comments? sugar. thanks for the video clip! excuse me for butting in, i would love your thoughts. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is an awesome exclusive product for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my old buddy taylor finally got great success with it. lchf 2020. how do you explain that countries like japan, italy, france have some of the lowest rates of diabetes while they eat carbs every day, rice, bread and pasta with every meal in these countries. please answer this paradox. did it ever occur to your mind that people in south asia and japan are hard working people. and eat most be vegetarian diet. there's more to the north american diet than just rice, bread, and pasta. look at all the junk food, factory-refined meals, and fast food restaurants for your answer. these places have these things too, but they're not as prevalent as they are here. i wouldn't say it's a paradox. one reason for this could be that these countries have healthier diets overall. yes, they might eat pasta and bread, but especially in mainland europe the quality of these is usually much higher than in the us (food standards are generally higher the eu than in the us). also, they generally eat a lot more fresh fruit and vegetables alongside the bread and pasta (typically mediterranean diet) whereas in places like the us and uk, we consume nastier bread and pasta, and also compliment this by eating much less fresh fruit and vegetables, and much more junk and sugary foods. everything she says makes sense. but, now, the big question i have is, why is this seemingly only affecting americans? for over a billion asians in the world, rice is the main food staple in their diet, and although diabetes levels have gone up in asia recently, it's nowhere near the levels in the us. i'm guessing the real root of the problem is even deeper than what she is talking about. this is why i don't trust mainstream western medicine. they have it all wrong on many issues. i am fasting as this is one of the quickest ways to loose weight and keep it off. i'll let you all know how well it works fasting creates chaos in the body. the early weight loss tends to be from reduced water in the body, and does not last. hunger cravings can destroy your intentions. a ketogenic diet is based on science: that there are two actual types of metabolism, glycolysis and ketosis. ketosis produces all the energy you need, but allows the body to regain a normal weight, naturally and gradually over time. you were my first video that schooled me about changing my diet! thank you! it took me many times to view this and research to turn my health around forever. keep saving lives and being a real doctor to heal people!! diet and exercise! has kept me in the type 1 \"honeymoon\" phase for 12 years with a1c controlled and dropping. wow, interesting she should get a congressional medal of honor and an obe. she is single-handedly ridding us of the sugar-diabetes industry and she's a hero! doctor specialist told me dont do keto diet, i can drop my bs to normal in less than one day and no injections. i love that people are finally wising up to big pharma! my fibromyalgia has been as good as cured. i had chronic pain, chronic inflammation and chronic fatigue. no more! plus i lost 35kg i've been eating this way over a year -do it for one month - you won't regret it! majorly irritating voice and manner, but the content is great. well, i guess vegans are screwed. she never heard of walter kempner apparently. she makes so many fallacious statements... :-( but is beer our? how about wine? just be sober. great. doctor should be a healer not businessman all thanks to dr umoru who cured my mom from diabetes with his effective herbal medicine. very good.thanks a lot.please keep doing the good work.gods blessing always. outstanding presentation! you have to wonder why 6.5k viewers have given thumbs-down to her talk. must be carboholics or employees of big pharma. this is amazing, thank you for having the courage to stand up, provide evidence, and help people off their medicines. the american diabetes association actually promotes type 2 diabetes. keto diet or low carb intervention cures type ii and greatly regulates type i, you can normalize blood sugars in type i. see dr richard k. bernstein, dr ken berry. uh-oh, she's going to get destroyed by big pharma. brave woman! she undercarbs is john venus still alive? how is his health? hclf vegan will make you lean with exercise @chicago kjv yeah so your eating plant lchf carnivore will make you lean without exercise. the overwhelming majority of the scientific literature, as well as clinical nutritionists, and the american academy of nutrition and dietetics (world's largest organization of nutritional professionals) would disagree with this lady. keto diets are not as sustainable, eco-friendly, or healthy as people would like to believe. this lady's credentials are questionable, and her lack of insight on biochemistry and pathophysiology is astonishing. ted also got it wrong. she's a do, not an md. their level of training on nutrition is futile, and should not be perceived as an authority on nutrition.\na 2015 analysis of osteopathic medicine schools revealed this lack of training in nutrition:\n\"most responding us com (22/26, 85%) do not meet the recommended minimum 25 hours of nutrition education; 8 (31%) provide less than half as much. required nutrition instruction is largely confined to preclinical courses, with an average of 15.7 hours. only 7 of the 26 responding schools report teaching clinical nutrition practice, providing on average 4.1 hours. conclusions. most us com are inadequately preparing osteopathic physicians for the challenges they will face in practice addressing the nutritional concerns of their patients. doctors of osteopathy cannot be expected to properly treat patients or guide the prevention of cardiovascular disease, obesity, cancer, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome if they are not trained to identify and modify the contributing lifestyle factors.\"\naside from that, she seems completely oblivious to how intramyocellular lipids interact with insulin. if you are smart, and care about your health, you should turn to the proper professionals: clinical nutritionists, registered dietitians, nutrition science ph.d.s, or even m.d.s who know more about human physiology.\nalso consider her bias, considering the footnote in her paper: \"competing interests sh is an employee and has ownership interest in virta health. she is also compensated for advisory activities for atkins.\nprovenance and peer review not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.\"\na 2020 peer-reviewed meta-analysis (published in the journal of diabetes research and clinical practice) found that the mediterranean diet, and vegan diets were best for lowering bp and reversing diabetes.\nanother 2012 paper wrote the following:\n\"the same food choices that\ntrim cholesterol levels also helps trim the waistline, encourage weight loss and improve insulin sensitivity. our dietary recommendations, not only for reversing dm, but for preventing its onset, are summed up in two statements:\n(a) change from animal food sources\nto plant foods\n(b) change from refined foods to\nunrefined foods\"\nthere are tons of books, and an ample number of scientific literature that demonstrate that there are much healthier, more sustainable, and environmentally efficient diets than a keto diet (and they're less likely to cause kidney damage, digestive distress, and ketoacidosis)\nbe smart about the sources you use as a reference, people. go with the highest authorities on human nutrition. professionals in their own respective fields. if you insist on turning to doctors for answers, look into dr. joel fuhrman, dr. michael greger, or dr. neal barnard. medical doctors who have actually done extensive research on the topics of nutrition, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, etc. fda, and probably diabetes association are using guidelines from industry including pharmaceutical companies and food producers. thank god i watched your video. i am a type 2 diabetic. the overwhelming majority of the scientific literature, as well as clinical nutritionists, and the american academy of nutrition and dietetics (world's largest organization of nutritional professionals) would disagree with this lady. keto diets are not as sustainable, eco-friendly, or healthy as people would like to believe. this lady's credentials are questionable, and her lack of insight on biochemistry and pathophysiology is astonishing. ted also got it wrong. she's a do, not an md. their level of training on nutrition is futile, and should not be perceived as an authority on nutrition.\na 2015 analysis of osteopathic medicine schools revealed this lack of training in nutrition:\n\"most responding us com (22/26, 85%) do not meet the recommended minimum 25 hours of nutrition education; 8 (31%) provide less than half as much. required nutrition instruction is largely confined to preclinical courses, with an average of 15.7 hours. only 7 of the 26 responding schools report teaching clinical nutrition practice, providing on average 4.1 hours. conclusions. most us com are inadequately preparing osteopathic physicians for the challenges they will face in practice addressing the nutritional concerns of their patients. doctors of osteopathy cannot be expected to properly treat patients or guide the prevention of cardiovascular disease, obesity, cancer, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome if they are not trained to identify and modify the contributing lifestyle factors.\"\naside from that, she seems completely oblivious to how intramyocellular lipids interact with insulin. if you are smart, and care about your health, you should turn to the proper professionals: clinical nutritionists, registered dietitians, nutrition science ph.d.s, or even m.d.s who know more about human physiology.\nalso consider her bias, considering the footnote in her paper: \"competing interests sh is an employee and has ownership interest in virta health. she is also compensated for advisory activities for atkins.\nprovenance and peer review not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.\"\na 2020 peer-reviewed meta-analysis (published in the journal of diabetes research and clinical practice) found that the mediterranean diet, and vegan diets were best for lowering bp and reversing diabetes.\nanother 2012 paper wrote the following:\n\"the same food choices that\ntrim cholesterol levels also helps trim the waistline, encourage weight loss and improve insulin sensitivity. our dietary recommendations, not only for reversing dm, but for preventing its onset, are summed up in two statements:\n(a) change from animal food sources\nto plant foods\n(b) change from refined foods to\nunrefined foods\"\nthere are tons of books, and an ample number of scientific literature that demonstrate that there are much healthier, more sustainable, and environmentally efficient diets than a keto diet (and they're less likely to cause kidney damage, digestive distress, and ketoacidosis)\nbe smart about the sources you use as a reference, people. go with the highest authorities on human nutrition. professionals in their own respective fields. if you insist on turning to doctors for answers, look into dr. joel fuhrman, dr. michael greger, or dr. neal barnard. medical doctors who have actually done extensive research on the topics of nutrition, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, etc. watch mcdougall, barnard, gregor. newly diagnosed this was a blessing to see this so early in my diagnosis i agree with khashayer. this woman is talking rubbish. diabetes cannot be 'reversed' - it can be 'managed well' but not cured. i am a doctor. the overwhelming majority of the scientific literature, as well as clinical nutritionists, and the american academy of nutrition and dietetics (world's largest organization of nutritional professionals) would disagree with this lady. keto diets are not as sustainable, eco-friendly, or healthy as people would like to believe. this lady's credentials are questionable, and her lack of insight on biochemistry and pathophysiology is astonishing. ted also got it wrong. she's a do, not an md. their level of training on nutrition is futile, and should not be perceived as an authority on nutrition.\na 2015 analysis of osteopathic medicine schools revealed this lack of training in nutrition:\n\"most responding us com (22/26, 85%) do not meet the recommended minimum 25 hours of nutrition education; 8 (31%) provide less than half as much. required nutrition instruction is largely confined to preclinical courses, with an average of 15.7 hours. only 7 of the 26 responding schools report teaching clinical nutrition practice, providing on average 4.1 hours. conclusions. most us com are inadequately preparing osteopathic physicians for the challenges they will face in practice addressing the nutritional concerns of their patients. doctors of osteopathy cannot be expected to properly treat patients or guide the prevention of cardiovascular disease, obesity, cancer, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome if they are not trained to identify and modify the contributing lifestyle factors.\"\naside from that, she seems completely oblivious to how intramyocellular lipids interact with insulin. if you are smart, and care about your health, you should turn to the proper professionals: clinical nutritionists, registered dietitians, nutrition science ph.d.s, or even m.d.s who know more about human physiology.\nalso consider her bias, considering the footnote in her paper: \"competing interests sh is an employee and has ownership interest in virta health. she is also compensated for advisory activities for atkins.\nprovenance and peer review not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.\"\na 2020 peer-reviewed meta-analysis (published in the journal of diabetes research and clinical practice) found that the mediterranean diet, and vegan diets were best for lowering bp and reversing diabetes.\nanother 2012 paper wrote the following:\n\"the same food choices that\ntrim cholesterol levels also helps trim the waistline, encourage weight loss and improve insulin sensitivity. our dietary recommendations, not only for reversing dm, but for preventing its onset, are summed up in two statements:\n(a) change from animal food sources\nto plant foods\n(b) change from refined foods to\nunrefined foods\"\nthere are tons of books, and an ample number of scientific literature that demonstrate that there are much healthier, more sustainable, and environmentally efficient diets than a keto diet (and they're less likely to cause kidney damage, digestive distress, and ketoacidosis)\nbe smart about the sources you use as a reference, people. go with the highest authorities on human nutrition. professionals in their own respective fields. if you insist on turning to doctors for answers, look into dr. joel fuhrman, dr. michael greger, or dr. neal barnard. medical doctors who have actually done extensive research on the topics of nutrition, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, etc. a diabetic friendly all natural homemade hot beverage is 'kashayam' which is also a powerful immune booster for the onset of all kinds of flu. drink it everyday starting before breakfast\nand another three cups throughout the day. for the essential video of the recipe, check out youtube/ninancherian. stay safe and be well. 2:27\nphew, im not american anyone here on keto/lowcarb and still need insulin? i'm diabetic around 20 yrs. 46 year old female and in the past when i'd lower my carbs my sugars went normal. i've been on keto with intermittent fasting for almost 6 weeks now and still spiking into the 200's during my period. i guess i'm stuck on insulin.i was told i have lada. khashayar yousefian did you read the question i wrote? your long answer had nothing to do with my first question. i asked if anyone was still needing insulin. i've been able to get my sugars down from the 500's on keto. i can't eat \"plant based\". i'd have to inject way to much insulin to cover my sugar spikes. 1 cup of strawberries spikes me to 300. all plants are sugar and indigestible fiber. i'd rather bang my head into a wall than watch dr. greger.the best diet for a diabetic is one that removes carbohydrates as much as possible. that's just common sense. i assume you're diabetic since that is who i posed my question to. a diabetic that still needs insulin doing keto. the overwhelming majority of the scientific literature, as well as clinical nutritionists, and the american academy of nutrition and dietetics (world's largest organization of nutritional professionals) would disagree with this lady. keto diets are not as sustainable, eco-friendly, or healthy as people would like to believe. this lady's credentials are questionable, and her lack of insight on biochemistry and pathophysiology is astonishing. ted also got it wrong. she's a do, not an md. their level of training on nutrition is futile, and should not be perceived as an authority on nutrition.\na 2015 analysis of osteopathic medicine schools revealed this lack of training in nutrition:\n\"most responding us com (22/26, 85%) do not meet the recommended minimum 25 hours of nutrition education; 8 (31%) provide less than half as much. required nutrition instruction is largely confined to preclinical courses, with an average of 15.7 hours. only 7 of the 26 responding schools report teaching clinical nutrition practice, providing on average 4.1 hours. conclusions. most us com are inadequately preparing osteopathic physicians for the challenges they will face in practice addressing the nutritional concerns of their patients. doctors of osteopathy cannot be expected to properly treat patients or guide the prevention of cardiovascular disease, obesity, cancer, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome if they are not trained to identify and modify the contributing lifestyle factors.\"\naside from that, she seems completely oblivious to how intramyocellular lipids interact with insulin. if you are smart, and care about your health, you should turn to the proper professionals: clinical nutritionists, registered dietitians, nutrition science ph.d.s, or even m.d.s who know more about human physiology.\nalso consider her bias, considering the footnote in her paper: \"competing interests sh is an employee and has ownership interest in virta health. she is also compensated for advisory activities for atkins.\nprovenance and peer review not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.\"\na 2020 peer-reviewed meta-analysis (published in the journal of diabetes research and clinical practice) found that the mediterranean diet, and vegan diets were best for lowering bp and reversing diabetes.\nanother 2012 paper wrote the following:\n\"the same food choices that\ntrim cholesterol levels also helps trim the waistline, encourage weight loss and improve insulin sensitivity. our dietary recommendations, not only for reversing dm, but for preventing its onset, are summed up in two statements:\n(a) change from animal food sources\nto plant foods\n(b) change from refined foods to\nunrefined foods\"\nthere are tons of books, and an ample number of scientific literature that demonstrate that there are much healthier, more sustainable, and environmentally efficient diets than a keto diet (and they're less likely to cause kidney damage, digestive distress, and ketoacidosis)\nbe smart about the sources you use as a reference, people. go with the highest authorities on human nutrition. professionals in their own respective fields. if you insist on turning to doctors for answers, look into dr. joel fuhrman, dr. michael greger, or dr. neal barnard. medical doctors who have actually done extensive research on the topics of nutrition, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, etc. i instantly like anyone who says carbs aren't essential. i know they are in my tribe. jesus, in the late years i'm always sure that my glicemic curve is crazy...feeling thirsty, a lot of pee, hungry specially by eating some sugar or too much white rice...but pure sweet is worse. for worsening i can't eat gluten, i have allergy...i guess an autoimunne disease clings to another very easily like my example diabetes/celiac. but i am allergic to egg too. for worsening, lol, i was becoming vegan, so more gluten free pasta and grains. now i think i'm reintroducing some fish and white meat, maybe i should try some steak one day. is it possible that because of prediabetes state i am loosing weight and i am feeling constantly hungry? yes, can be a loss of muscle and because of insulin resistance you stay hungry. another study that the order of the food you eat during your meal could help stop the spike of insulin. vegetable, meat then carb. what about fruits? @arjan meijer h.i.t there are hundreds of plant-based doctors. you won't find half as many who are ketogenic. why do you think that is?\nwhich is more likely? that they became vegan, and then studied medicine? or that they're intelligent practitioners, who practice what they preach because of their level of education in the overwhelming amount of medical, nutritional, economical, and environmental evidence (peer-reviewed scientific literature, comprising of conclusive systematic reviews, randomized control trials, and meta-analyses)?\nread \"eat to live\" by dr. joel fuhrman, or \"the china study\" by dr. campbell, or \"reversing diabetes,\" or \"your body in balance\" by dr. neal barnard. unless if you are willing to spend thousands of hours reading through the research like these practitioners, or over a hundred hours like i have, just read the books. they cite the scientific literature, even though the new 2019-2020 studies and reviews of literature are even more supportive of a vegan diet.\nthere's a reason why more and more practitioners are going vegan. they're not idiots. they're just more comfortable with the reality that most people aren't willing to accept because of their cognitive dissonance and biases. i suggest you do more research. @khash yousef because greger is a vegan doktor, what else is he going to say. gregar looks like he has end stage veganism. carbs (including that in fruits and vegetables) is not the enemy. look up dr. greger, or dr. neal barnard. *shorturl. ca/3y9?-reverse-your-diabeteeesss-todayy*\n* , .* landmark presentation! love this ok has anyone asked the question why this is happening more and more. because our food has been poisonous . our air bio chemtrails, poison. want to cure people??? wake up. most people just think your crazy and think the government will save them. you're not a patient; you're a customer.... what if you're pregnant?? well, then, after about 9 months, ya push it out. love to hear this i hate having diabetes the overwhelming majority of the scientific literature, as well as clinical nutritionists, and the american academy of nutrition and dietetics (world's largest organization of nutritional professionals) would disagree with this lady. keto diets are not as sustainable, eco-friendly, or healthy as people would like to believe. this lady's credentials are questionable, and her lack of insight on biochemistry and pathophysiology is astonishing. ted also got it wrong. she's a do, not an md. their level of training on nutrition is futile, and should not be perceived as an authority on nutrition.\na 2015 analysis of osteopathic medicine schools revealed this lack of training in nutrition:\n\"most responding us com (22/26, 85%) do not meet the recommended minimum 25 hours of nutrition education; 8 (31%) provide less than half as much. required nutrition instruction is largely confined to preclinical courses, with an average of 15.7 hours. only 7 of the 26 responding schools report teaching clinical nutrition practice, providing on average 4.1 hours. conclusions. most us com are inadequately preparing osteopathic physicians for the challenges they will face in practice addressing the nutritional concerns of their patients. doctors of osteopathy cannot be expected to properly treat patients or guide the prevention of cardiovascular disease, obesity, cancer, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome if they are not trained to identify and modify the contributing lifestyle factors.\"\naside from that, she seems completely oblivious to how intramyocellular lipids interact with insulin. if you are smart, and care about your health, you should turn to the proper professionals: clinical nutritionists, registered dietitians, nutrition science ph.d.s, or even m.d.s who know more about human physiology.\nalso consider her bias, considering the footnote in her paper: \"competing interests sh is an employee and has ownership interest in virta health. she is also compensated for advisory activities for atkins.\nprovenance and peer review not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.\"\na 2020 peer-reviewed meta-analysis (published in the journal of diabetes research and clinical practice) found that the mediterranean diet, and vegan diets were best for lowering bp and reversing diabetes.\nanother 2012 paper wrote the following:\n\"the same food choices that\ntrim cholesterol levels also helps trim the waistline, encourage weight loss and improve insulin sensitivity. our dietary recommendations, not only for reversing dm, but for preventing its onset, are summed up in two statements:\n(a) change from animal food sources\nto plant foods\n(b) change from refined foods to\nunrefined foods\"\nthere are tons of books, and an ample number of scientific literature that demonstrate that there are much healthier, more sustainable, and environmentally efficient diets than a keto diet (and they're less likely to cause kidney damage, digestive distress, and ketoacidosis)\nbe smart about the sources you use as a reference, people. go with the highest authorities on human nutrition. professionals in their own respective fields. if you insist on turning to doctors for answers, look into dr. joel fuhrman, dr. michael greger, or dr. neal barnard. medical doctors who have actually done extensive research on the topics of nutrition, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, etc. question; i have a low carb diet, but my sugarlevels remain high (lots of bellyfat), how come ?? @khash yousef bologna! tried these diets and my symptoms came back dr. greger is dead too! sorry, no vegan stuff in my camp. the overwhelming majority of the scientific literature, as well as clinical nutritionists, and the american academy of nutrition and dietetics (world's largest organization of nutritional professionals) would disagree with this lady. keto diets are not as sustainable, eco-friendly, or healthy as people would like to believe. this lady's credentials are questionable, and her lack of insight on biochemistry and pathophysiology is astonishing. ted also got it wrong. she's a do, not an md. their level of training on nutrition is futile, and should not be perceived as an authority on nutrition.\na 2015 analysis of osteopathic medicine schools revealed this lack of training in nutrition:\n\"most responding us com (22/26, 85%) do not meet the recommended minimum 25 hours of nutrition education; 8 (31%) provide less than half as much. required nutrition instruction is largely confined to preclinical courses, with an average of 15.7 hours. only 7 of the 26 responding schools report teaching clinical nutrition practice, providing on average 4.1 hours. conclusions. most us com are inadequately preparing osteopathic physicians for the challenges they will face in practice addressing the nutritional concerns of their patients. doctors of osteopathy cannot be expected to properly treat patients or guide the prevention of cardiovascular disease, obesity, cancer, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome if they are not trained to identify and modify the contributing lifestyle factors.\"\naside from that, she seems completely oblivious to how intramyocellular lipids interact with insulin. if you are smart, and care about your health, you should turn to the proper professionals: clinical nutritionists, registered dietitians, nutrition science ph.d.s, or even m.d.s who know more about human physiology.\nalso consider her bias, considering the footnote in her paper: \"competing interests sh is an employee and has ownership interest in virta health. she is also compensated for advisory activities for atkins.\nprovenance and peer review not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.\"\na 2020 peer-reviewed meta-analysis (published in the journal of diabetes research and clinical practice) found that the mediterranean diet, and vegan diets were best for lowering bp and reversing diabetes.\nanother 2012 paper wrote the following:\n\"the same food choices that\ntrim cholesterol levels also helps trim the waistline, encourage weight loss and improve insulin sensitivity. our dietary recommendations, not only for reversing dm, but for preventing its onset, are summed up in two statements:\n(a) change from animal food sources\nto plant foods\n(b) change from refined foods to\nunrefined foods\"\nthere are tons of books, and an ample number of scientific literature that demonstrate that there are much healthier, more sustainable, and environmentally efficient diets than a keto diet (and they're less likely to cause kidney damage, digestive distress, and ketoacidosis)\nbe smart about the sources you use as a reference, people. go with the highest authorities on human nutrition. professionals in their own respective fields. if you insist on turning to doctors for answers, look into dr. joel fuhrman, dr. michael greger, or dr. neal barnard. medical doctors who have actually done extensive research on the topics of nutrition, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, etc. funny \"cured\" would imply it can't come back. so is that like strep or a broken bone? can't be cured of your back pain? ever? then there is no such condition as the word cured? doesn't exist only a state of limbo. great. thanks for the helpful video 5 years later some doctors are still giving the same old advice... but wait the new ada ceo herself is a low carber. when will the \"diet advice\" change. she was my primary care physician before she went into weight loss. she is absolutely awesome. she is very intelligent and a great motivator. can you provide a link or list of the research studies you sited in the video please? excellent video, however, we need more information. dr. halberg - what are your recommendations for the number of carbs a diabetic should consume to reverse diabetes? what types of fats should they consume? how is this plan achieved if a person is vegan? if you're trying to reverse diabetes with a more environmentally-friendly, compassionate, and healthy diet, then check out dr. neal barnard's book for reversing diabetes. yup. just what i was saying for years. understand insulin, understand blood sugar spikes and how food is directly related to that. cheers for the video clip! sorry for butting in, i would love your initial thoughts. have you considered - patlarny sugar outcome principle (probably on google)? it is a good one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some amazing things about it and my best friend jordan got astronomical success with it. nice video content! sorry for chiming in, i am interested in your thoughts. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (just google it)? it is a smashing one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my bf got amazing success with it. excellent video content! excuse me for butting in, i would love your thoughts. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is a good one off guide for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my friend after many years got astronomical results with it. nice video! sorry for the intrusion, i would appreciate your thoughts. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is a great one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some super things about it and my buddy at very last got excellent results with it. is she talking about keto? or just low carb? i just found out i have diabetes, and i want to do it right is it really the carbs that are doing this to us? my ancestors of a few generations ago grew most of their own vegetables in what we now call an 'organic' way, and ate them lunch and dinner daily. they ate sugar in carbo desserts every evening, and had it on their porridge (carb) every morning. they were mostly quite big people. most of them lived into their late 70s and 80s and many of them did not have medication. so what has happened? yes, we certainly have lots of 'hidden' sugars in our food these days. but we also have lots of additives in numbers. and if you don't eat processed food, even the commonly available fruit and vegetables you buy and eat are grown with massive amounts of synthetic chemicals - fertiliser, herbicides, pesticides, hormones, etc, etc. this practice skyrocketed after wwii. now we have a diabetes problem, that was not nearly so common - in fact, was quite unusual - over the centuries. our farming practices have killed our food for us, and made it toxic for us. if proteins and fats are helping your insulin resistance, what are they possibly harming, given the huge amount of chemicals and hormones used to grow livestock? if everyone abandons attempts to grow their own healthy synthetic chemical-free vegetables in the quest for a low carb diet, and converts to lots of animals products, are we actually setting ourselves up for other health problems related to high consumption of these animal protein foods in the future? and there is the ethical question - are humans really the top priority for everything that happens in the world? do we really have to solve all of our problems, including our health problems, by killing other species? i am not being dogmatic here, just putting these questions out, as the comments here seem to be taking a fairly one-dimensional view of this video. i do thank dr hallberg and her team for her healing of so many people. i wish all of the allerpaths of the world all had her attitude to the damage caused by medications. i wish people would realize that food is as addictive as a drug. processed food have so many chemicals in them that literally cause the same part of the brain that gets addicted to drugs to light up like a christmas tree. also, someone like me, i literally grew up eating junk food and fast food. that's all that taste good to me. about the only vegetable i truly like is leafy greens. my dad has type 2. it's my biggest fear. in fact bad health in general is my biggest fear. i want so bad to change my diet. i've tried several times and eventually fell off. i really want to do keto and stay on it for good. when i did it before i felt amazing. screw the weight loss, the way i felt was enough for me! i just wish i had the means to pay a personal trainer and keto dietician to help me stay on track. it is so hard for a food addict like me to be on a diet when my family literally gorges in junk food all the time. earthing will keep you and your family healthy, try it...it's easy to diy a grounding mat yourself. it's ture low cabs intake helps control type 2 diabetes . this doctor says it's the main reason for type 2 diabetes but that's not true because other common major reason having diabetes type 2 is sedentary and stressful life style. general american people use machines to do washing,cleaning at home , start using car from early age etc. ,have materialistic stressful lifestyle which creates insulin resistance. if possible they can walk or cycle to work when not snowing and manually do all chores at home. . that will be ecofriendly , saving money, increasing muscle mass which improves metabolism , reducing mental stress and that effectively reducing insulin resistance. the last quote by hippocrates is absolutely true. fact is carbs intake not the only reason for diabetes. large populations all over the world take carbs diet regularly but are free from diabetes because of non sedentary lifestyles and less stressful leading to right intake of amount of food.\nthx for the nice, informative video. relax! - type 2 diabetes can be debilitated and cured in just a few days along with any other diseases, known on earth - infections, cancers, ms, alzheimer's, dementia, parkinson's disease, etc. by doing an exercise for just a minute a day, that cures and prevents any diseases and makes everybody infinitely healthy and immortal, for infinite health = immortality - i will describe my discovery to everyone, who sends me an e-check for $5 million - not much to pay to become infinitely healthy, radiation-proof and immortal in less than 10 days. she sounds a lot like aoc! this clip being presented without an exact print out diet has me lost. look into keto diet there's a lot of money to be made in keeping you sick. and supplying you with way more food than you need!!!! if you have diabetes as soon as you stop your diet, then you didn't reverse anything.\nyou just changed your drug treatment.\nthe reason keto isn't officially recommended as a common treatment is because of compliance. most people cannot keep the diet strictly for more than 1 year. in fact, there is little long term studies ever done on its health benefits because most people cannot keep the diet long enough.\nit's hard. very hard. and once you break the diet, you're back to being diabetic (you never stopped being one)\nall her graphs showing how t2d stops being progressive, and insulin doses go down.... none based on long term studies, only short term.\nif you want to really \"reverse\", simply cut to 10% bodyfat and stay there. see how easy that is?\nketo diet is a treatment, not a cure, not a reversal. a treatment.\nit's a great treatment if you can keep to it.\nbut it's a treatment. really good straight forward info. and easy to understand, way to pull the curtains back on pharmacutical companies, what a racket it is, thank you for enlightening us!? well said, dr. hallberg!\ni'm no doctor, but i have been telling friends and family that carbs are toxic to the human body since the mid-nineteen eighties. today i am fully carnivorous, eating only animal products. i take no medications at all, at the age of 71.\nthere is so much rubbish out there, especially with this insane vegetarian and vegan craze, that many people are being mislead - unfortunately by medical doctors. dietitians and nutritionists alike.\nhow refreshing to have people like you coming into the open to challenge the mainstream medical \"science\". supper doctor. o lady please be aware of hillary clingon the assassin this is so inspiring as i was diagnosed with diabetes today! yea ,i was too,a week ago, i think we got lucky to run across this dr.i just saw another clip about reversing t2 by a 600 calorie diet for 8 wks, you may wanna check that out, good luck, and good health to you! she didn't say where you get your proteins from, did she? i thought that if i eat beans and rice, that sorts me for protein. combine pulse with a grain. but she says no grain. and rice is a grain. i wish people who make dietary recommendations would make simple recommendations that anyone can follow. like, yes: fresh, not pre-prepared. no sugary stuff. also easy enough. but, finding coconut flour to replace maize flour is not that easy. those dishes looked delicious, but pretty complicated to make. she's not free, either. works for virta, which will sell you this program. fully agree statins increases blood sugar and causes type 2 diabetes. period brave woman. smart and authentic. you (every individual) are the best doctor. as you know your body well than any strangers.\nyou have the blood sugar test meter, test and note down which food is good=bad for you. eat the food that digest well and food that spikes up. simple. living healthy is todays priority, postpone other task s so much energy bigpharma would like to know your location. can you imagine if everyday after work you come home and this was your wife, imagine what you would have to listen too.... in my opinion she doesn't explain exactly how you get ir. she is only talking about the symptoms of diabetes not the root. excellent. but i don't get it how the insulinresistant people now get the needed sugar into their cells. and even why the resistance is there in the first place. i am suggested that the government is planning to make the most of the course of action for her role creating a problem when there is not to manipulate our minds then we feel like ok i may be diabetic or pre so i need to pay for this doctor and all her products. excellent and very brave speech - a year ago i rebelled against the advice i was being given by doctors, nutritionists and diabetes uk; i went low/zero carb and reversed my type 2 diabetes - everything that this lady said is true. truth is a stranger in this world. @errol magill yes, and also dr. jason fung, and bright line eating no sugar, no flour diet. loved.....truth is a stranger in this world! how much hard exercise did you do? none, like everyone who doesn't eat carbs. @errol magill yeah i love the way dr bergs videos are relatively short and no bs. @carnivore lad i like dr bergs way of getting to the point very quick, i must also check out jason fung, don't think i have seen him before. :-) mortality rates increase with this diet i found that using tego tea as a supplement lowers sugar levels naturally!! a god send! this women is wrong! the healthiest longest lived people on earth are the rural chinese and 7th day adventists who get 70% of their calories from plant bases carbohydrates. atkins died of heart disease. it is recommended low carbohydrate by nutritionist here in australia.... dr. hallberg your knowledge is so powerful that you are creating a life saving movement to save millions around the world. those who fall ill with covid19 and died could have been alive if you were the surgeon general. i would like to nominate you to be the u.n. world surgeon general. carbs are killing more people than any other disease worldwide . may we have a planned tele conference on whats app 202 239 2753. robert, god bless. big pharma hates you. diabetes is their cash cow. keep them sick that's their motto. diet change free. long before this video was made i did exactly what she says to do. i was able to get off all medications and when i did it was easy to control my blood sugar. it also affected how i felt mentally and physically. can you give me a list of what you ate...i would like to cook for my significant other who has just become diabetic & want to try & reverse at the early age. yes you are a wonderful example!!! kudos for the video clip! sorry for chiming in, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you heard about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (probably on google)? it is a smashing one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my friend at last got amazing success with it. lovely video clip! sorry for the intrusion, i would love your opinion. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (sure i saw it on google)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some super things about it and my cousin got astronomical results with it. kudos for the video clip! excuse me for the intrusion, i am interested in your opinion. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (sure i saw it on google)? it is a smashing one off product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some amazing things about it and my mate at last got astronomical results with it. kudos for the video content! apologies for the intrusion, i would appreciate your opinion. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is an awesome one of a kind product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my cooworker at very last got astronomical success with it. lovely video! forgive me for butting in, i am interested in your opinion. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (search on google)? it is an awesome one off product for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my cousin at very last got cool success with it. we don't need crabs? zero carbs?? what abt vegetables? they are mostly carbs w fibers, minerals and vitamins... low carb non starchy veggies are fine. i jumped up when she said that there is nothing useful in carbs, and she never spoke about vitamins. need a menu with recipes please.. how do i. measure my cab limit? in ubers per lyft. this is a real and true doctor. she is a healer. this is unlike many \"doctors\" who repeat whatever big pharma industry tells them. you are my savvier dpc. thank you. allah. send me more clips on diabetics. i'm in tanzania east africa. i was diagnosed with t2 diabetes at the age of 16. however, i was prescribed insulin right away which i depended on for 10 years. however, i stumbled across dr.eric bergs channel and started doing keto diet. i dont take medications anymore. i definitely feel that you will be able to control your blood sugars better with keto and intermittent fasting. i sincerely hope that you'll find the cure, i.e., keto diet+intermittent fasting as early as possible.. thanks so very much doc.. very interesting... i'm gob smacked....thank you.. i won't be filling any 'doctors' pockets from now on they are just a group of crooks. sorry but this lady is bs. if you listen to the 'crooks' you may have legs, sight, good renal function... in a few years. i am a doctor. (one of my patients ate himself to diabetes at age 19. he ignored the disease and now at age 35 has end stage renal failure so...i am doing keto and i have been a t2d for 25 years at least. i am trying to stay at 20 carbs daily and yet my blood sugar is in the 300's. i am seeing an endocrinologist that recommends the ada. i have taken huge amounts of insulin with no results...no drops. so what the heck is up? i don't get it. is there help out there for me? if you're doing keto and not cheating maybe try something else, nutritarian worked for me. but actually keto works better for me now. hi april, what would a day of eating look like for you? love this video! this is awesome! i strongly recommend everyone to watch dr neal barnard's talks also dr john mcdougall videos... low carb = low life. what a load of bull.\nnobody ever has been carb deficient, carbs are simplest of the three macros and can be extracted out of two others.\nyou better worry about essential fatty and amino acids.\ncarb to a vegan is the ultimate drug.\nand they do look like junkies, if they stay long in that phase that is, 85% quit in just a year.\nwhich tells you how sustainable and satisfying it is.\nyou can't go wrong with non - plant based diet.\nyet all those vegans, vast majority \"did it wrong\" right?\nit is hard to manage stop doing it it's torture.\ni hope you taste the bacon again and convert back to humanity.\nthere is no tribe or a group of people eating that way, ever!\nwhich shows how strange it is to our system. really like the enthusiasm of her. amazing that this md is trying to get people off from meds. god bless you!!!! good video excellent presentation and very encouraging! sarah :)\n3 years ago, i was diagnosed of type 2 diabetes with my blood sugar level is at 16.9. today my average blood sugar level with medications is at 8.0.\ntoday, i will start my diet and i will continue exercising and no pills for a month and see if this formula will work for me. i will update everyone in here if it works or not. @caroline zz hello caroline, yes! i do not take my meds and my average sugar today is 5.2. i had to changed my diet though and 5 km walks in the morning and in the afternoon. if you have any questions please feel free to email me. any updates, this post is 2 months old? would be interested to know? check with your dr before stopping meds good luck this is a great topic...seeing that we have an epidemic with type 2 diabetes....yes it is possible great presentation. something we all thought we knew, but presented like this has a great reinforcement yep ...i'm sure it's real... she was really really happy when she did the talk how about brown rice ? no true, carbohydrates are not an absolutely essential nutrient. we can make glucose from proteins and fats. that means we can get energy from proteins. we can make fats from proteins and carbohydrates. however, we cannot efficiently get glucose from proteins. glucose is a carbohydrate. we can get glucose from other carbohydrates relatively easily. in addition, the process of converting protein into glucose creates byproducts which are toxic and which we need to get out of our bodies, via our kidneys. so proteins are a more wasteful source of energy than carbohydrates. they give our kidneys a workout, put a bigger load on our kidneys. carbohydrates there are fewer waste products when getting glucose from carbohydrates, than when getting them from proteins. therefore it may perhaps be better to limit our protein intake to a bit more than the amount we need in order to construct our tissues, enzymes, and nucleic acids, and to get our energy from carbohydrates. why or why are some people \"carbohydrate intolerant\" to begin with? the blame is not with the advice of physicians. it is with the people are listening to and following their advice. i wished that you can give us some recipe of your dishes. but in the first place, humans normally should be capable of letting insulin penetrate the layers of their muscle cells. so, the problem is not why they have so much insulin, but why is insulin not passing through the muscle cells membranes. this woman, as a doctor, should know better than what she is implying. the normal condition of all humans is muscle cells with membranes appropriate to let insulin through, so it can do what it does best: assimilate sugars. sugar is only a sentinel warning that something is wrong with the muscle cells' membrane. but, guess what? do you know what makes the muscles cells' membranes hard? animal protein! yeeeees! the way to reverse this conditions is exactly by feeding the person with whole plant food and in a few weeks they will not ever need any of the medicines they have to spend so much of their money in.\nthe opinion i have just expressed here is based upon documents mentioned in documentaries like \"what the health\", \"cowspiracy\", \"forks over knives\". so, do your diligence and examine the other solutionthe only solution that will free you from type 2 diabetes. amazing, passionate person! i'm trying to figure out how to save my father's life. he was a non-compliant patient for many years, and now we're starting to work as a family to get him on track to control his diabetes. i know the meds and insulin isn't the cure; it seems like many experienced individuals are coming to that conclusion. what i'm racking my brain on is the diet solution. i have so much faith in professionals like dr. neal barnard, dr. esselstyn, dr greger, and dr. mcdougal. but they advise very different dieting solutions from dr. hallberg, who also seems like she is getting really good results with her patients. i see there is an enormous overlap between the two groups: fresh vegetables. i'm sure a big part of the results lies in making the base of your diet enormous quantities of vegetables, but damn it, i can't make heads or tails of who is right in this debate. can anyone put a man at ease here?? i would say that this woman is getting consistent and repeatable results, so follow her advice, jmho. she seems to be advising a sugar-free, carb-free keto diet, using coconut, nut, and flax flours. btw, buckwheat is not a grain, it's a fruit, so buckwheat may not be out of the picture.with those ingredients, you can still make muffins, flatbreads, pancakes and crepes, so how bad can it be? atb \"don't be fooled , there is lot of money to be made from keeping you sick\" dr. sarah halleberg. we were told if u have diabetes yr pancreas is not producing insulin. but u say it's because of overproduction of insulin . so that means no probs with pancreas? insulin resistance means that more insulin is required to force glucose out of the blood. if you continue to eat carbs, the pancreas (islets of langerhan) must continually produce larger quantities of insulin. this is not possible, so eventually those cells die off and your insulin goes down and blood sugar goes up and you die.\ntaking injectable insulin staves off this result but causes other problems.\n[ianad and this is massively simplified but no, pancreas problems are endemic with diabetes.] i have controlled by lchf diet my diabetis. now stopped insulin. all drug companies will disagree with this because if everyone is healthy no one needs drugs without drug buyers no money for drug companies so drug companies will try there best to trick people that blood sugar lowering drugs are a must for diabetic people and they need to eat every 2 hours that was pretty damn good mr bergman. bring back butter! it look like dr. halberg spends some time in the weight room! when they decided that i had type two, i cut carbs, started using real butter, cut out canola oil, and did some mild exercise for a year and switched from the cheap sugar to \"real cane sugar\" for the small amount that i do use. my blood sugar dropped 25 points and i lost 45 lbs in six months. i have kept this off for 13 years now. other health issues have stopped me from exercising much but just with diet i am maintaining. and i did not go full blown carb free. in fact i still eat too many carbs by a lot, yet i am conscious of my intake and try to strike a balance. cane sugar over beet sugar really made a large contribution to dropping my blood sugar when i made the switch. i know the chemists try to say it does not matter, but my life experience says otherwise. the only cost to test it is a dollar a bag more to buy it and to read the labels. using butter instead of margarine also helped a lot. my poor doctor is still confused how i reversed this and struggles with me having done everything opposite of what he was taught in med school, but is at least smart enough to not argue with success. took the type two off my chart after about a year, but still tests blood sugar and a1c twice a year. ps i did much better at being motivated when i did a first thing in the morning finger stick, but medicare stopped paying for the testing supplies so i don't do it any more. why do most of these pseudo-medical people assume that type 2 diabetics are overweight people? 3 days into vegan raw diet stopping metformin, glucose went from 330 to 260. it's 20% drop and without meds! enjoying the food. search your favorite foods in vegan raw version! i'm wondering. can one combine carbohydrates with very high fiber? i enjoy carbs - in the form of oat bran, popcorn, wheat bran. yes, you can add lots of fiber to carbohydrates. the carbs will *still* cause the same problems as before, but the fiber adds water (hydrophilic) thus satiety.\nthe only advantage is that the glucose peak is lower (but lasts longer), and you might eat less carbs - which is the point.\nor you could just eat less carbs. can i still have my oatmeal? i thought this was healthy. @terry smithwick if you have the enzymes to break it down, yes. if not then no. the oat itself is good, but how it was grown may be an issue because of the chemical use in the soil. eating a couple times a week is perfectly ok. my husband and i eat oatmeal a couple of times a week for years. we have good health. the old fashioned or roll oat are better than the instant oat as the instant oat tends to have more sugar. lots of people say oatmeal is healthy. doesn't make them right...\n[sorry, grandma.] fantastic presentation, information delivered in such a passionate way. go sarah! well it sounds as a passionate possibility, but to me you looked overweight and what about being physically active ? itinfluences pretty much all biological balances\nanother wondering for me is that it sounds very different from a whole food plant based vegan diet as e.g. dr neal barnard is lecturing should be a way that could reverse diabetes\nand in relation to that i was also wondering what about the recommandations of dr gregor of lentils and beans that according to him should an important food source eating carbs when you have diabetes is like walking on a broken leg. 20 grams per *day* can be tolerated by most, and this allows you to eat leafy greens and cruciferous vegetables for their nutritive benefits.\nwhen you are sick from diabetes and diabetes medicines it is difficult to exercise. joint pain is a major result of chronic high blood glucose, and worse circulation and healing leads to arthritis in most. il try the keto diet for sure. diabetes type 2 comes from eating excessive fats especially animal fats why won't she check the facts where are these 'facts' from? what guidelines is she referring to that should be ignored? the american diabetes association nutritional guidelines and the usda dietary guidelines. the grain growers lobby also makes big money on the phony guidelines. grain is unhealthy. i don't eat it. healthy food is expensive, that's problem. if seafoods, olive oil, organic vegs &fruits are as cheap as carbs no one would be diabetic. salmon, shrimps vs chips and burgers...who wins? who memmbres are doing business.loved her honesty. dont take fats and protein in stead of carbs .. ur gonna die younger ... instead replace them with fruits .. yes fruits .. @terry smithwick well i have sugar poison and am so sure im much much healthier than u excess glucose in the blood is a poison. it doesn't matter whether it came from cane sugar or apples. get rid of all oils (dr. esselstyn caldwell) no olive oil, no foods with oils, nothing. eat plants, nuts, fruits and you'll be cured (if you keep it up). clean your arteries. check out mindfuldiabeticrobby cure yourself please' --- retrain your tastebuds, if you must--- accept food is not a pleasure source once you get well you'll find great foods that don't kill you. food is _not_ a pleasure source? and fats are vital, people die without them. same can't be said for carbs. lie he logrado controlar mi nivel de glucosa! i worked with diabetic healthcare professionals in both the clinic and hospital settings for almost 20 years and i never once heard of someone recommending 60g of carbohydrate a day unless: the physician was incompetent, the patient was an insulin dependent t2, and doctor had prescribed older human insulins in a regimen that was far from physiologic. that borders on malpractice in this day and age. every endo, cde, dietician and hospital recommends a reduced, consistent-carb diet to stabilize carb intake until they get glucose controlled. also, it is my understanding the brain needs carbs, and to eliminate all carbs puts you at risk of acidosis. are you suggesting the liver alone will supply enough glucose on its own? what am i missing? i understand and believe in a ketogenic diet and the benefits with medical oversight. but suggesting all patients can eliminate diabetes meds seems irresponsible, but i am not a physician. but the low carb food cost way more. it is hard to feed a family in a low carb diet if you are poor. but she is very right about the carb intake. if you have problems with sugar and carb join my yt channel ! i can help u! historically, i.e. back before 'white rice' was introduced, people used to eat raw/brown rice...if it was ok for them, why it's not ok for us....i mean why change something that has been working for thousands of years. unless, we argue that 'rice' today is not identical to '17th or 18th or 12th century rice' . ive been a promoter of keto diet ever since i started to watch dr. eric berg. i did it 4 years ago and i lost 4 inches from my waist and felt absolutely amazing. i had drastically dropped my cravings.\nbecause of social interactions i was tempted to eat carbs which made me lose my heard earned work. right now i have taken a big step and greatly reduced rice and flour intake to just 2 days and im already losing inches off my waist and feeling much better very nice over 10 years, my diabetic friend read my blood work results told me not my doctor that i was pre-diabete. stay way from white bread, white rice and eat protein, fruits, veggies. walk off, burn off carbs daily and educate yourself. fruit is nothing but sugar not really good for you she is such an amazing human being. lol. did that doctor just say \"expecially\" dr. michael greger has a different approach that overlaps with this one in important ways, but i think the points of agreement would be doubly recommended: avoid foods that have sugars added. and avoid foods made with refined flour.\na key difference is that he believes _intact_ grains (i.e. seeds and lightly ground seeds) are good carbohydrates, as is fresh fruit despite the sugar.\nand while he recommends eating high-oil nuts, he opposes adding oil or fats to food. (he also believes animal products are harmful.)\nbut i think that if someone just does the changes the two diets have in common, that will definitely be far better for health than the typical american diet. it is possible, when my mom was detected with type 2 diabetes, with a diet and a lot of work she was able to reverse it.\nnow she is very healthy and very happy. this is the problem with the dash diet. 300g of carbs a day wasn't good for me. keto for going on 9 months now and my type 2 diabetes was reversed after only two. thanks for this talk. you said one thing that turned on a light-bulb for me: that people could save $2,000 per year. and then you directly pointed out the money to be made from keeping you sick. i hadn't realised this, because i'm in australia where we're lucky to have medicine heavily subsidised. so this explains why the information is failing to get out to the general public!\nonce i was diagnosed with t2, i did the recommended things, and saw the medication increase. so i did a lot of reading and talking to sensible people. i disregarded most of what i read, as it didn't make sense. i eventually went onto (practically) no-carb, but eating what i liked, when i wanted.\ndietician was against the idea, and doctor deferred to the dietician. i lost 45kg (about 100 lb) over two years, bsl normalised, and i stopped taking insulin. dietician agreed that for me, this was the probably right thing.\ni'm less strict now, but any time i eat carbs, i feel ill for the next few days, and gain - it seems - more weight than i ate. still not on medication. and the final rule of eating american-style chinese food is that you must add the words \"in bed\" to the end of your cookie fortune, read out loud, of course by following these methods i have managed to recover from diabetes ... \"goodbye diabetes\" is a lifestyle based on many natural things that changed my life forever. i am very happy for the change i have achieved. blessings for all ... well said!!! why don't you try this with cancer, aids and other problems? chronic high blood glucose feeds cancers, so in some cases this can help. aids is a viral problem, i don't know if high glucose is a factor. if you are looking for a way to control your diabetes go check the kusnadi ( video on diabetic )! hope this helps! a real testimony of a man diseased with diabetic for more than 10 years! excellent you have not reversed any case of diabetes? focus on the question? people who are healthy without insulin or other diabetes medicines is the goal. people who can return to a high-carb lifestyle without health problems is another thing entirely. it's really frustrating to talk to a diabetes 2 person when all they want to do is follow their doctor's orders. they're scared of doing anything else. it's as if doctors are completely unaware that the body makes its own glucose. very frustrating. outdated informatom. you can treat prediabetes with raw vegan, with better results. my mother is a type 2 diabetic. she started off with metformin about 8 years ago. by march of last year, she was on 5 different insulin medication. after reading an article from dr. flechas on iodine deficiency and diabetes, i put her on iodine and selenium (2-3 brazil nuts) a year ago, and she was able to get rid of 3 of those medications by dec. but she was having a reaction to the brand of iodine she was using. i switched her iodine from zen haus iodoral to lugol's iodine in dec. she is currently taking about 75mg of iodine with the 2-3 brazil nuts and only taking one insulin medication (24 hr release). she, also, stopped munching on food at night. man this retinopathy is killing me terry smithwick gee your right it's not like i was being sarcastic or something i clearly want to be blind retinopathy won't kill you. 'just' make you blind... everyone should follow dr biswaroop roy chowdury youtube channel for authentic information about diabetes carbs are very very addictive. be warned. \"stop using medicine to treat food\" \"we don't need carbs\"\nguy on youtube lived one year on\npotatoes. lost 115 lbs vlad marius carbs and sugar are the same thing, the only difference is how fast it gets released into your bloodstream . not the carbs are the real problem, but the sugar. i'm 59\ni go for a 2hr walk per day\nand ignore anything the doctors say @david cordero dear..their is a perfect cure..and the cure is jesus..trust him and call upon his name..sure he will heal you.. @j.o. believe me..trust god..jesus will heal you..sure..call his mighty name..he is the one and only god. @j.o. i'm 13 i'm so scared but after looking at this i have hope does she mean cut carbs and sugar? does that really help? @rangarajan madabhusi i eat a lot of oatmeal and blueberries for lunch. i eat a lot of egg sandwiches made with ez. 4:9 bread and garlic\ni eat a lot of potatoes. i eat too much junk food @him bike. 2 hrs walk and in ignoring doctor is fine. but what you eat? obesity is a\nlack of knowledge\nlack of exercise\nlack of planning\nlack of curiosity @laura pollreisz mostly not always. i have shown people who would not listen to me this video...now they're listening!! thank you so much, sarah! wow, wow, wow! powerful talk from start to finish, filled with hope and truth. \"at it's root, diabetes is really a state of carbohydrate toxicity.\" (6:01) amazingly stated...put a whole new light on it for me. and thank you for actually stating dietary guidelines! (12:10) survival tents what a fraud and quack... all carbs are not equal carbs. so much bs in one video....\npromoting environmental and long term health destroying diets should be illegal by now. hello vegan i am a diabetic t2 but i am not obese. i also have cholesterol. so what now? been doing this for over four years.\nevery world is gold. \"stop using medication to treat food\" beatdabete foundation word love u life changing. a game changer. why aren't the medical associations and dietary associations fessing up to their decades of horrific advice? i think you almost need to have drug treatment-like clinics to get people to get off carbs completely. except the best overall long-term health outcome (including reversing diabetes and heart disease) have been achieved on diets dominated by whole food carbs. take care. the most expeditious cure for diabetes is famine. come to think of it, the most expeditious cure for everything is famine. she is smart! still, she said so much, i have have no idea wtf, it was just too much. this ted talk helped me none, i was left wtf confused, overwhelmed and learned nothing! research low carb or keto diets online. u serius bro ? you need to tell them about the low glycemic carbohydrates they need to consume to get all the necessary vitamins and minerals that our body needs to function properly. for every pound of sugar consumed in the united states, we spend twenty-five dollars treating illnesses that come from the over-consumption of sugar. my a1c is 5.4. should i be taking glipizide? that's obviously a good a1c level, but you should talk to your doctor. have you started the glipizide? what were your levels like before starting? what changes other than medication have you made to decrease your levels? diabetes is a mutual fund for all the doctors and capitalist who get benefit out of it........this disease has compounding wealth driven goals by fooling innocent patients that sugar could never be gone once you get it and that's a myth. spanish....please i have type 2 and i have never once been told to eat carbs, so i'm not even sure where this is coming from @arcane abyss wow, if your on insulin work with your dr to lower your insulin as you lower your carbs. it honestly depends if you are taking insulin. if you are taking insulin and you stop eating carbs, you will probably die. if you want to try a low-carb diet, you will need to talk to your doctor about transitioning off your insulin and onto the diet. if you don't take insulin yet, i would 100% recommend a (very) low-carb diet. along with exercise, you may be able to reverse the diabetes. another thing you can do is simply drastically reduce your caloric intake in general. this has also been shown to reverse diabetes. however, starving yourself isn't something you can do for the long term... the more i learn about my own body the more shocked i am to see all the poison at the grocery store. the only good food there is on the outside edges of the store. take a look at all the middle isles, all junk. when i bring this up to family they act like i'm being obsessive but really it just that they too are having a hard times accepting that big company's would rather us sick than the company broke. it really is up to each person and i'm definitely not trying to say i do it rite, but i'm trying more and more. it's hard to change! anything is possible so this is why i crave fats and proteins. totally wrong. the best diet is plant based. it takes me from death to life again. @arcane abyss yes white sugar and refine carbs. @\nwow very impressive. however, when you say no sugar, how is that possible? complex carbs still do contain sugar. do you mean no added sugar? thanks. @arcane abyss i was pre dibetes. i tried plant based and my life changed. blood pressure and blood sugar become normal. i eat a lot of veggies, fruit, beans lentils, little nuts and avocado, brown rice, whole wheat bread, whole wheat pasta, legumes and flaxeeds. no oil. no animal products. no artificial sweeteners. no white bread or white rice or pasta. no sugar. i walking around 30 to 60 min evereyday. sorry english is not my main language. can you go a little more in-depth with that? were you diabetic? was your plant-based diet high in carbs? it makes you wonder what else \"they\" could be wrong about when it comes to understanding what the body needs and how it works. i use that wonder as the drive and i figure it out for myself. sometimes i use the premise \"what if the opposite was true\" and research from there. my sugar has been high, i've been exercising now for almost a year (well, until this virus thing). what i do is eat the recommended diet for type ii and test after 2 hours. yesterday, it was 80, so, essentially, normal. you just have to get used to eating less. no grains... that means, i shouldn't eat lentils, beans, oats??? i'm a vegetarian, what am i supposed to eat then, other than veggies :( i'm thankful for dr durham in boise id. he helped me my type2 with keto. can i ask how long you've been on it and how much your levels changed? do you still take any diabetes medications? did you also exercise? friend is successful with a 6.0 a1c with low carb diet/high protein/type o blood, but still on problematic and dangerous metformin. has little energy which he attributes to getting old at 73. (bad knees, atrial fib) (metformin and fda conflict on potency danger). by comparison, my type 1 with an a1c of 9.9 (type o) seems to need adequate carbs for energy, but more protein than carbs. what fats? you didn't say healthy fats, not all fats. and just what fats are you talking about? help us to understand this, please sarah. oops, error of no. yes. no life changing information i'd like some kind of talk on diabetes type i. i can only speak for myself but after 18 months of the keto diet i am free of many issues that had plagued me for years. i had moderate to severe psoriasis, vertigo, peripheral neuropathy, sleep apnea, arthritis, and type ii diabetes. it has all vanished ; along with 82 pounds! for those who are unaware, the keto diet is a diet that strictly limits net carbs and encourages healthy fats and vegetables and some proteins. i am currently able to live without obesity, pain, and medications (including antidepressants)! i suspect that the \"food pyramid\" the government sold us is upside down! @aaron hodgins alright thanks. @arcane abyss please refer to dr. eric berg on youtube- he is amazing. also the book \"keto for dummies\" is a great starting point that's amazing. my mother just got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes last week. she also has had sleep apnea for the past decade and is starting to experience arthritis. furthermore, her blood levels show both kidney and liver dysfunction. i really want her to make drastic lifestyle changes, do you think you can send me educational resources to give her? is it possible to also get a grocery list of foods you recommend the most? thank you! the big point for me was when she said that once you lower insulin levels and are cured of diabetes, it does not mean the slate is clean and you are cured for life. if you get careless it comes back. what about the risk of ketoacidosis? i have type 2 diabetes and keep a keto diet(20 carbs/ day). using keto strips and they indicate a quite high level of ketones is it normal? ketones aren't the enemy. with dka, the combination of drastically high sugar and ketone levels makes your blood acidic and damages your organs.\nyes, with a keto diet you do produce ketones, but probaly not excessively to the point of making your blood acidic. if you really want to be safe when trying the keto diet, also eliminate alcohol, processed vegetable oils, caffeine, and dairy products as these also contribute to acidic ph. diabetes is a cash cow that's why it is promoted. excellent talk. i appreciate her times was limited, but i'd like to have seen more about what's actually in the diet she recommends, once the carbs are taken out. i bet it's meat & eggs. those are the best things for energy as they're so nutrient dense. yes! she is right on the mark! i went from insulin and pills for diabetes, to no meds what so ever! i lost 40 lbs and didn't even exercise or try! that's amazing. my mother just got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes last week. she also has had sleep apnea for the past decade and is starting to experience arthritis. furthermore, her blood levels show both kidney and liver dysfunction. i really want her to make drastic lifestyle changes, do you think you can send me educational resources to give her? is it possible to also get a grocery list of foods you recommend the most? thank you! timely. brilliant. spot on. i like your outfit, and also the trues you speak. when will the feed off people's misery stop? isn't this the same as the ' keto ' diet? the pharmaceutical industries know that, but chronic diseases make them rich. they don't want to cure people, just keep them spending money. the same happen with the cholesterol, cancer, etc cases. great information and video thanks everyone epic message\ni'm t2 and parkinson's sounds great.\nlow carbs good news thanks these 5 minute commercials need to stop! right now! limiting carbs and exercise worked wonders with my a1c i think i have reversed my diabetes to pre diabetes with low carb n diet ...i hope so very interesting she is amazing and beautiful . thank you doctor for sharing your knowledge god bless you. \"dead doctors don't lie\" great book the old days when speakers had a live audience.. seems so long ago rare humanity. hundreds have benefited from this\ndiabetes 2020 remedy\n@t\nfollow my link banting . . . gironda . . . atkins . . . keto. low carb and no carb has been around for a long time. it works. i'm there. this past august i got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. after 10 days on metformin. the side effects almost killed me. i was 142 lbs. i cut out sugar switched to stevia and chose a very low carb diet. i have not been on meds. i now weigh 203. my last a1c was 5.8 @arcane abyss everybody is very different. that's why we should 86 those drugs they administer. one mole's medicine is another mole's poison. what helps me might kill somebody else. wow. that's shocking that you gained weight and lowered your a1c level. from the research i'm doing it is almost always a drastic reduction in weight that reverses diabetes. oh man do docs get crazy when you take their drugs away... listen to this whistle blower, she is telling the truth against her profession, its brave to speak truth to power! p.s. this isnt the only method to cure diabetes.... it takes self motivation & willingness to change, its hard but the alternative is much much worse nice presentation doc; bravo! one year on low carb life style my a1c 5.5 (started at 10.7) - maintaining 21lb weight loss - energy and mental clarity to motivate me to work out. love sarah's energy!!! that's amazing. my mother just got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes last week. she also has had sleep apnea for the past decade and is starting to experience arthritis. furthermore, her blood levels show both kidney and liver dysfunction. i really want her to make drastic lifestyle changes, do you think you can send me educational resources to give her? is it possible to also get a grocery list of foods you recommend the most? thank you! the largest lobbyist groups are with the pharma companies. wanna bet they designed the food habits of our nation? what advice for vegetarian ????? just google \"vegetarian low carb diet.\" it will be hard, but you could probably do it if you really tried. this really help me understand, thank you sarah i've never met a carbohydrate i didn't like. love them. they are literally addictive she does not dissociate simple carbs and complex carbs or i am mistaken here ??? this amount to saying \"i need 2000 calories a day, therefore, i can eat these calories at mcdonalds\"... neal bernard and other doctors and physicians say otherwise about carbs. give examples of foods that contain complex carbs that a normal person eats on a daily basis. when someone buys packaged oatmeal at walmart, the oats they are eating are not from complex carbs. when someone eats rice their not eating whole grain rice, their eating rice that has been so processed that their is no nutritional value left. can i still reverse my diabetes after having it for 18yrs? @arcane abyss go for it! ok i pray that i reverse it. thank you for the advice @marolyn ramirez although, i will say that this doesn't mean the participants in the study were cured from their diabetes. glycemic control does not = reversal. it honestly depends how much beta cell damage has already occurred. that's going to be different in each individual. losing weight by diet and exercise will improve insulin resistance and allow insulin to more easily enter your cells, giving your pancreas a break from constantly secreting insulin and overworking your cells. if not too many of your beta cells have died from being overworked, theoretically you will \"reverse\" being a diabetic. even if it is too late, glycemic control will prevent further progression of other diseases and illnesses. i wish you the best of luck! thank you arcane abyss there are studies were the average participant was a diabetic for 8 years and the majority of particpaints saw drastically improved a1c levels. you mise well give it a try? eat less , be more active tone up , eat akdline and live vegan , also helps all diseases , you should leave the dinner table feeling a little bit hungry. not bloated , common sense . x @v gil alkaline* (non-acidic foods). a whole-food plant-based diet. best way to eat. robert bridger - what is akdline? does she know that glucose is only one of many carbohydrates? fructose supposedly has a totally different effect on blood sugar. she shows that glucose spikes blood sugar and then assumes that all carbohydrates do so. depends upon the recipient or diner. my body reacts the same with either one brown, white, sucrose, fructose, and glucose. just lose weight. doesn't matter how you do it. pick your favorite eating habits and lose weight and your insulin sentivity will increase in most type 2dm thanks for the video clip! sorry for chiming in, i am interested in your initial thoughts. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is a smashing one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some interesting things about it and my bf at very last got astronomical results with it. curious-the same comment with many different names. perhaps patlarny wrote them? nice video content! apologies for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (sure i saw it on google)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my friend after many years got cool results with it. kudos for the video content! forgive me for butting in, i would appreciate your thoughts. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (probably on google)? it is a smashing one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some awesome things about it and my work buddy after a lifetime of fighting got astronomical success with it. nice video content! apologies for chiming in, i would love your initial thoughts. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is an awesome one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my friend at very last got great results with it. might want to look at a plant-based diet and dr. neal barnard. animal fats are the killer. guys i have a great thing to share it with you all there is a detailed course on this topic. i have been regularly using it and got great results.hope it helps others also!!!! @t i reversed my diabetes my doctor was stunned and in disbelief told me i should go off insulin and just take a pill for it i am not cured but all my numbers are that of healthy person without diabetes my blood sugar level is always between 5.2 and 5.8 and my kidneys show no sign of damage anymore thank god! i like what you said 'cause i like lobster, butter, heavy cream, steak, bacon, and veggies. i also like potatoes (going to have baked potatoes for breakfast, but may pass on that, and i love beans. i found your presentations really interesting. thank you you will have to give up beans and potatoes as they are high in carbs. i'm a type 2 diabetic. went to whole food plant based last year december. wfpb has allowed me to eat potatoes, beans, rice, fruit - all carb containing foods. no oils, nuts (fats!) my a1c is down to 5.2 and have dropped 20 pounds so far. was all/most of your carbs complex? did you do any other changes like intermitted fasting or exerise as well? this lady nailed it! god bless her!!! the people are waking up! look out big pharma we comin this is an excellent summary that hits on all the necessary points to pique anyone's interest to dig deeper. you delivered it very clearly and effectively. thank you. so how does this work with gestational diabetes? i agree 100%. there is no such thing as health care anymore. hasn't been for years. it is called disease management now. finally an md telling the truth. @kai paulden : that's great to hear! someone else was asking about it today, so it's good to get the information out! :) @viviane chukwuka: the bacteria waste from eating the food is acid; that's why you get tooth decay. you can also look up fasting as a way to rejuvinate your body. the doctor that proved that got the nobel prize. @wayne t please what type of coconut oil - cold pressed or the normal type?\nalso how do you use it. thanks for your reply. i think that is called oil pulling. i have been doing it off and on for the last couple of years. my teeth do look whiter when i have done. my dental hygienist got this horrified look on her face wher i told her i was trying it & proceed to try to talk me into stopping it. i told her i would think about it & continued to do it. @kai paulden: you'll know your cavity is healing within 1 week (my case 3 days). bone heals, why not enamel. coconut oil is a germicide. tenho uma menina com diabetes nao estou conseguindo controla pois gosta de arroz massa e tudo que tem carboidrato mesmo sendo integral gostaria que me ajudassem pois parei de trabalha e nao tenho condicoes de comprar alimentos que possam ajudar a controlar o diabetes healthy carbs carry essential vitamins and minerals and latest research shows lchf diets cause deficiencies in 17 essential nutrients, not to mention they lack fibre for healthy bowel function, and gut flora which we now know is hugely important for immune function. i could go on with more of the adverse health effects of this very restrictive diet long term which are slowly starting to emerge. sure, bs levels drop dramatically but it appears this may only be short term and actually increase a person's carbohydrate ntolerance long term. yes, let food (not pharmaceuticals) be your medicine, but to cut out healthy foods such as legumes and healthy fruits and vegatbles that carry much of the vitamins and minerals we need, to acidise the body etc etc etc for some short term gains seems a bit drastic. sure, cut out all your unhealthy carbs, eat whole foods from plants and you'll get the same effect without all the risks. @peter rabitt i was trying to believe her heart was in it and that the long term damage this diet can do was not information available to her at the time she made the video. but you could well be right because there are many self appointed experts making big dollars out of it. very sad as it is people's long term health they're playing with. carb up.. dr. mcdougall says that eating potatoes is fine. who to believe?? dr. halburg your awesome it's so sad that these type of doctors are almost non-existent. non of my doctors in the last 20 years ever mentioned reducing carb intake.. also, as far as i remember none of the doctors asked about my eating habits. it almost seems like the drug industry controls the doctors and makes them prescribe medicines to handle real or perceived health issues. absolutely all abt money yup, big business is not in the business of curing diseases. six months ago i was diagnosed as a diabetic. the doctors don't know if, i'm a one or two. i got tested blood you know is 1.5 lata ??? one doctor said, i'd be dead in six months. yeah take that . i'm tired all the time. i feel sick all the time. just take more insulin. researchers.... thanks for the video. . love you all and god bless you all hopefully you tried this? and yes it's important to find out if you are type 1 or 2. type one would be a totally different thing. pretty important for them to find out. i hope it is type 2 since that is reversible.\nwishing you well. i wish all doctors are like you dr sara i love you i start watching you a month fantastic lecture on insulin resistance, very scientific ..very much needed for all human beings to keep diabetes away.. ..thank u so much for your excellent experience is benificial to clear doubts of all who are in confuse state about blood sugar...with lots of regards from india what a beautiful presentation.....\nthank you very much . too good. thanks a lot mam!! ignorance and blind faith in man made systems is a death sentence. no one can even blame religion for the destruction we have done to ourselves. hello!! what can you recommend to a skinny \"diabetic\"??? thank you you cannot cite any long-lived people who live on such low carbs. ok in the short term. i would do a lot to avoid having to give up my grains and potatoes! your advice manages the problem (so that you can stay in business) instead of fixing the problem as to why the glucose is not entering the cell where it is supposed to go. instead, it stays in the blood causing problems. the cell needs the glucose, the insulin is not opening the door to let it into the cell. that process must be fixed. removing the glucose is just putting a band-aid on the problem which is unsustainable. then again, if all your patients were cured, you'd be out of business. but even if this is true isn't it better if people can get off meds, get there a1c to normal range, feel better, lose weight, lower blood pressure and cholesterol and decrease risks that are associated with diabetes and lose cravings and in some cases get rid of chronic pain? could it be any simpler? don't eat processed carbohydrates! not just processed carbs, limit most carbs and go with mostly low carb veggies. a sales pitch for the paleo diet. i'll stick with the whole plant based diet. thank you!! finally, sanity. highly refined carbs are poison to anybody. and this was put out 5 years ago. people are beginning to listen more about lowering carbs but apparently many doctors aren't. i have never had one suggest a low carb diet to me. great to see drs telling the truth. how to reverse type 2 diabetes in 3 weeks: *diabetescure3weeks. com* for real??? so the entire time i was listening i was nodding saying \"i've been saying that and it's what's been frustrating me.\" crying the whole time. thank you for this great talk. i'm just waiting for the \"falls outside of tedx curatorial guidelines\" disclaimer due to industry complaints about this. the last prejudice? what about addiction? i am an addict to prescription opiates since i was 15. now i am 34. the withdrawal pain is so excruciating that i have seen grown men who had that happen to them cry. just from the menory of the withdrawal. (that was a ted talk btw). addicts are the modern lepers. i have never broken the law or stolen for my addiction or fulfilled any other stereotype. i was a straight a student and an avid reader.... great to see a doctor talking about this and making a stand. no potatoes, does that include sweet potatoes? we chop them up into cubes, pour olive oil, salt and pepper and roast for 12-15 minutes. i can't stop eating them. are they as bad as regular potatoes? amazing information dr.sarah.\ni was recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. and this information is very precious to me . i still don't understand why insulin resistance causes obesity. if insulin is fattening, then insulin resistance must be insulin is not fattening! there is no essential things as carbs remember that stop using medicine to treat food do intermittent fasting great advice doc! best presentation i have ever heard. well done jesus this is deadly info. so sad. i am on keto/paleo for 9 /10 month . no starch at all very few fruits . my a1c is down from 6.4 to 5.6 . i refused to take any medication . this diet works . hi baby come online baby @manuela andriescu hi baby i really appreciate it very much but since i have you it great i want good woman like you baby let's get to know each other very well @ben fine ben , if you want to find a woman why don't you sign on dating site , where are you from ? i think you are wasting your time . @manuela andriescu hi baby how are you doing now baby please find time to talk to me and i am ben easy going person i believe that people get to know each other in various ways so i am seriously considering you be the best woman in my life @ben fine i think you are crazy , i like crazy , but you you don't make sense . go away . there's a lot of money made out of keeping you sick!!! if every is wondering why you become insulin resistant. i did some reasearch it's because your cells are full! it should be called cells are full syndrome. i'm not sure if i'm 100% correct but i would be interested in hearing other theories. 100% on target, doctors have no clue she is dangerous. @dean guerreiro that's the most important. @attika shipping that is not important. @dean guerreiro are you diabetic? yes she is. knowledge is power, and she can do a lot of good for people. i am on a ketogenic diet. first step was to eliminate grains, sugar and processed foods (causes of body inflammation). have completely reversed high blood pressure, high cholesterol, vitamin d deficiency, arthritic joint pain, sleeplessness; lost 25 pounds in eight weeks, no longer pre-diabetic. have weened myself off of all medications, which are more expensive than \"good\" food...you can take it from there! @ljupka n it sounds crazy, but you'll realize that a \"sandwich\" without the bread doesn't make you less full - it actually keeps you full longer. the refined carbs in the bread are what make you want more of it (sugar does the same thing). that's why bread is hard to get rid of. but you don't actually need it! i've been on a ketogenic diet for 5 months now, and have lost 48 pounds, completely stopped needing medication for blood pressure (i went from 140/85 to around 110/65 <- not exaggerating!), and i haven't missed any of the foods i thought i'd miss. i still get to enjoy eating meat, (most) veggies, fruit (mostly berries), desserts (without sugar), but i've learned to work around the \"carbs\" like bread, potatoes, rice, etc. at first, i planned a \"cheat day\" schedule - and have not needed one yet. i just didn't feel the need - the food i was eating became my preference.\nit's a transition for sure. the first week was very difficult because your body is learning to no longer depend on carbs for energy, but get past that hump and it's a breeze from that point on. @ljupka n fruits, vegetables and meats. @ljupka n if i eat breakfast at all, typically i don't, but if i do, it is bacon, eggs, and sauteed squash, and i have coffee with heavy whipping cream, or bulletproof coffee. other times, if i don't feel like bacon, breakfast might be steak, or ham, or sausage and eggs with a sauteed squash. @ljupka n cut out the bread or get low carb bread. @ljupka n just buy base culture keto bread. go vegan. follow diet plans and type 1 diabates can be reversed too. trust me i hate to give you a \"heads up doctor\" the reason for obesity in the world is the food and food processing industry!!! greedy, money grubbing assholes!!? very great video, very informative. but that squeaky voice does my head in the voice kinda makes my head pound but i'm glad it is a real voice. weeping angel-yes, mens voices are much easier to listen to-as a whole. a humanistic lady doctor.\nallah bless her! avocado nuts seeds cheese if you are an insulin dependent diabetic demand from your doctor to put you on the dexcom g6. no more finger sticks. this is a device that attaches to your skin, which you change every 10 days, and gives you a glucose reading every five minutes. your glucose is graphed on your smart phone over a period of time. you then have the tool to actually control your blood sugar. my a1c dropped 2 points in 2 months. my weight dropped by 25 pounds in that period. i use half the insulin i used to inject.\nbasically, you'll see that the good doctor is right. stop eating carbs. your kidneys and heart will thank you. the american diabetes foundations major sponsors are the drug companies and livestock industry.... what does that tell you? they all need to make money and can't prescribe painkillers anymore so will prescribe all the diabetes and triglycerides and a1c medicines so we can make our money thank you for this video. i read dr. leonard bernstein's book almost 20 years ago, and dropped my carb intake to 5-15g per meal. i walked an hour a day (didn't count my steps) and lost 40 pounds and have never needed any diabetes meds (insulin, metformin). i just turned 60 and am now healthier and stronger than i was at 40. this guy looks identical to tony \"the ant\" spilatro. this is so informative. thank you! what is low carb? 20/day? @hawkeyedsentinel thanks less than 20 a day. your sugar intake has to be less than 5g. is it necessarily the carbohydrate intake or is it the glycemic index of the carbohydrates that you do intake when are we going to talk about anti-inflammatories like ginger turmeric how about grape seed extract never hear a doctor talk about such things because it doesn't make any money and you can't patent it some drs do talk about them and and researching low carb and keto diets on line cost you nothing. i'm living proof of this truth. i completely reversed my type ii diabetes and my a1c now runs around 5.2-6.0 at the highest. just try it... because, what do you have to lose? (besides weight and a dependency on medical intervention!) would be interested to know what your diet consists of michele. i'm a type 2 and all the messages just does my head in. thanks in advance @osama rasul you need concussion herbal tea @marie gonzales my a1c is constantly 5.0-5.4. that isn't complete reversal, that is effective management. there are plenty of people who are seriously obese and inactive, but not diabetic.\ngood job managing your blood sugars, it isn't a cure, it is alternative treatment.\na cure would be new genes - not going to happen. wonderful bang on message. this should be required viewing for all. \" there's money to be made from keeping you sick.\" more importantly, type 2 diabetes is a lifestyle choice and can be reversed very quickly. just cut carbs. eating it will also prevent from diabetes retinopathy. so how many hands say the food pyramid is reversed intentionally by \"authorities\" to keep us sick and dying? anything under a pyramid symbol is a reversed system. it's dark duality magicians tricks from con artists who've passed down this stolen knowledge so to benefit a few select. we are finally beginning to come out of the long con. now though people need to understand how religion has compromised their minds and kicked them out of the garden of eden. which is your mind!! +zoid-o tron cattle are fed grains when they want to fatten them up for slaughter. amazing.... the key to health... why is there zero discussion of exercise? she seems like a genuine woman. thanks helping out so many. first do no harm. doctors today do not follow that principle.\nlet thy food be thy medicine.\nwe've known all along. if the photograph on your id is of your daughter...... she is a cute angel....\n........ and a little word of advice do not put pictures of your children on social media....... it is extremely dangerous for them.... carbs are the problem?! haaa.. tell that to a couple billion asians around the world eating rice and vegetables. pleas\nit's i pancreas stop bullshittibg big pharma and big agg won't like this ted speech. considering it's coming from a doctor. just follow the money trail. the only reason for any lifestyle disease like diabetes bp, cancer, bone is low body ph. every sick person must have lower body ph and bringing ph level back to normal will clear all diseases. to increase body ph, need to follow below guidelines\n1. eat food only when truly hungry. or follow intermittent fasting to keep your blood and body clean without toxins\n2. chew the food properly to mix with saliva. chew each bite 20-40 times to ensure that ir is digested in mouth before swallowing. saliva digestion sends proper signal to brain to identify and avoid all toxin absorption in body in addition to better absorption of good nutrients.\n3. eat diet that leaves alkaline residue post metabolism to improve body ph. raw and uncooked vegetables and fruits are highly alkalizing to the body. fruits may show temporary increase in sugar levels, but will clean the body and help reduce sugar in 4 weeks. improving body ph levels need some patience.\n4. the problem with diabetes is not the sugar levels in blood, but inability of the body to feed the cells which accumulates sugar in blood. the solution is to feed every cell properly and not just to reduce sugar levels. else, body cells will die at faster rate and bringing overall deterioration in health over period of time. improving body ph is the only way to feed all cells properly. thank you doctor! good for type 2 bad diet for your arteries. like to vote sarah helberg for president. dr.sarah hallberg is making a very valid point..also her views validate the hypothesis made out by dr.jason fung in his book the diabetes code;preventing and reversing diabetes naturally...thanks a lot. may god bless us all..rajesh tanwar india then how come japanese and chinese so skinny? low to insignificant consumption of refined sugar (fructose). this may stop insulin resistance from developing.traditionally they used to eat mainly unrefined starch (e.g. brown rice, root vegetables) that isslow to digest, due to high fiber content etc.traditionally more physical activity then sedentary western population. compare a japanese rice farmer (in the field all day) to an american office worker with a car. if you burn more glucose (via physical activity) then less insulin is needed when you eat carbs.\ndo bare in mind, skinny = healthy. skinny doesnt always mean healthy. you've got skinny people with diabetes and insulin resistance. what are examples of examples are good far sources? i was able to reverse my diabetes by eating a diet called \"fast metabolism diet\". i've been off metformin now for five years ! stay away from processed foods. the \"fast metabolism diet\" is very unscientific, just an eating plan. it does not aim to switch the metabolism to ketosis! in fact, brown rice (which is high in starch) is part of the diet, and so are apples (high in sugar). cheese and other dairy products, which are so helpful for attaining ketosis in those who do not have sensitivities to them, are forbidden. in my opinion, you are lucky it worked for you. i would never recommend it over a true keto diet, which also includes vitamin and other supplements. @cipugi due to fast metabolism & process food , minerals , vitamin & protein not absorbed by digestive system. that's the reason of lack of immunity weakness. @suman dhayal i agree - processed foods don't do your body any good. ;-) that is a big part of the fast metabolism way of eating. @joe schmoe from idaho use gree salad,& juices ,low gi food, avoid carbohydrates food & process food & junk food ,cold dri not possible through process food so true. round about 2011 i was diagnosed with type 1 and 2 diabetes. was on 2 types of insulin with cluco pills the whole 9 yards. in about can't exactly remember the correct time, 2013 i decided to go on the beverly hills diets, that is fruit for 6 weeks, thereafter low carb diet, i was heavely obese being 130kg. in 6 months following the way of eating i lost 60kgs. and quess what i am no longer diabetic. totally gone. my diabetic reading in 2011 was 27 and eversince between 5 and 6.\nwhen i was diabetic i was sleeping all the time, no energy was hard staying awake, short of breath was in a terrible state. now i am healthy at 60 feeling stronger than ever. excellent presentation. bottom line ... many of us have health problems caused by elevated glucose and insulin levels, which if left alone, will ultimately lead to diminishing metabolic conditions and possibly type 2 diabetes. woww\ni stayed in iuc with my diabetic aunt, and she had heart issues, went to iuc because of a stroke.\ni had to watch at the hospital, they giving her lots of carbs, bread and rice at breakfast, lunch and dinner. every night her blood sugar levels would soar to almost 500. she had another heart attack after 17 days in the hospital, and the nurses tried to resuscitate her but her heart was too weak.\nhigh carb diet is a myth. reprogram stem cell is on the way, it will cure diabetes both type 1 and 2 i used to drink a lot of milk every day because it tasted good and i thought it was healthy for me. now i hardly ever drink milk or eat cereal. i never thought i could live without them now i feel amazing no soda pop either wow... this information is not very well shared by fda, and other medical professionals. i have found that modern medicine doctor's do not go against the food and drug industry.\ni seen one post that stated, \"a cured patient, is one less paycheck\". in turn, if all people are cured, no one pays for medicine, and no one buys the box and bagged foods. diabetes was not as widely known to the world until the turn of 19th century. what changed after that period? the sugar industry.\nthey sugar industry paid $50,000 to harvard university to \"research\" about sugars.\ncarbs and sugars shouldnt be in out diet. never has been. never should be thank you !! coca cola gave me diabetes and pcos at 25. dry fasting will reverse it even quicker cheers for the video content! forgive me for chiming in, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you tried - loowarn inconceivable desire (should be on google have a look)? it is a great exclusive product for getting rid of diabetes type ii minus the headache. ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my mate at last got astronomical success with it. no product is gonna reverse diseases. there is no magic pill. so if there are no essential carbs, why is the good doctor recommending that her diabetic patients still eat them, albeit in reduced amounts? why not cut them out altogether? @mo sargon ah yes, a buck has to be made! so that they stay as a customer for longer how to clear out a clotted stent?..? illness $ mike reiffin check out \"how to prevent and reverse heart disease\" by dr caldwell esselstyn. he's amazing. well there are complex and simple carbs all i keep hearing is conflicting information so i don't really know what to believe wow i'm confused lewis-just remember, simple carbs are bad, complex carbs not so bad(moderation) watch documentary: earthlings, dominion, h.o.p.e & cowspiracy chinese eat tons of rice and noodles where's the diabetes there?\nlet's try looking at other organ destroying chemicals in our food my doctor said i had onset type 2 and got out his prescription pad. i hate taking pills. i said \"wait, what about diet and exercise\". he put down his pad looked at me and said; \"ok lose 15 lbs in the next 90 days and cut out sugar, pasta, bread, rice and potatoes. ( i just told myself no sugar. no starch). in ten weeks i'v lost 35 lbs. i have lots of stir fry. cut up vegi sauted in olive oil then i add soy sauce and a de-boned rotisserie chicken, sometimes some cashews or peanut. or hamburger cooked with no sugar taco mix mixed the onions, peppers, mushrooms and tomatoes. for breakfast i love a cheese omelette. i snack on nuts. cheer my on. i take my next a1c in 3 weeks. @thomasiberg when i think of losing a foot or my eyesight, it's really not that hard. i don't feel deprived. i went back to my roots in high school ( 40 yrs ago) , being a wrestler and into \"pumping iron\". i knew then sugar was not good but gained 5lbs a year after marriage . i should have said dr. also instructed 15 minutes a day exercise and i'v done so on stationary bike honestly 4x a week. tyvm for you reply. please find your ear i talked off. hardly sounds like you're depriving yourself, but i would give you five to one odds that your a1c will be fine. @sam yaza tyvm. it means a lot to me. doctor hallberg. you are a saint. thank you!!! :-) i am type 2 diabetic and this is very enlightening the ada and bigpharma pocketbooks are dependent on each other! i've been trying to help a friend. i've sent her dr berg videos. dr fung videos. now this one. i can't get her and her husband on board. he's morbidly obese. she's obese with diabetes. what about beans? are they ok. i wish i had heard this speech 30 years ago. i saw this video a few years ago and changed my diet to fit these recommendations. it did not work. my a1c continued is slow march into negative territory and my hdl/ldl/triglycerides did not get better. after about 2 years i ended up having a preventative angioplasty to clear to arteries. after that event i switched to the \"starch solution\" and i lost a bit of weight, my ldl dropped to about 50, my triglycerides were cut in half, my liver function went to normal, as did my a1c. i agree the standard guidelines you get from doctors are all wrong, but at least for me, the right answer was whole food plant based vegan with an emphasis on starches like potatoes, corn, rice, beans, etc. that is what worked for me. @the seitanist that feeling when you think low carb means no veggies. must be embarrassing @ robert orion i agree. we need our veggies to survive, it is what our brains run on. ive seen many members of my family follow these low carb plans religiously for year and continue to suffer day in day out, but when i convince them to change over, they feel much better. plant based for life! uggggghhhhhh when will people realise that there's no \"one size fits all\"... so saying that insulin resistance results in creation of more insulin = obesity is just wrong if only for the simple reason that i'm type 2 and i'm not overweight.\nand stop telling people that you can reverse type 2 diabetes. you can not. all you can do is try to side-step it by not consuming carbs. that does not remove the fact that our body can no-longer process sugar.\nit amazes me how some people claim to be so intelligent and experienced and yet do not get this simple fact. ffs - get off your soap-boxes and stop trying to influence people to do things that benefit you (socially / professionally) but risk harm to others. wow, good info. hopefully, i cant free from diabetes type 2. many people stopped having diabetes 2 after implementing plant based diet. no animal products. they eat plenty of carbs and are healthy. but they do not eat any processed food, no sugar, no oils and no animal products. evidence? look in your mirror, proof!!! this is so true! start a revolution. sarah -- love your passion! carbs must be cut. sart with this -- eat only whole foods, no processed food -- none, zero, zilch. i just found this and it confirms what big already know and practice and am getting very good results from.\nthanks\njust shared this with a lot of people just fabulous. just spot on. why do all these comments sound like a commercial? i don't trust ted talks and youtube even less. i think i will stick with my \"endocrinologists\" do we even know this doctors credentials? my family physician had me watch this very video in the examination room. my life changed that day, back in may, and now i'm down 55 pounds with beautiful blood work. you have a good doctor. @j salterxpress. what did you eat? @j salterxpress. congrats on your success! what was your diet like when you lost 50 pounds. also, how is your diet now and do you cheat from now and then? thx i wish my doctor had described the reason she wanted me to lower my carb intake the way dr hallberg did. i might have taken her advice sooner. wish i had your doctor. when my doctor told me i had type 2 diabetes. he put me on meds and starting having me have oatmeal every morning. so far, for me, this has been the most valuable ted talk out there! thanks. so why the japanese, chinese and the whole asia have way less diabetes eating white rice??????? of course, we have to consider that their intake of proceed foods and sugar are way less also. @patam that is exactly the problem, sugars, and processed food. the video demonizes carbohydrates including real food like rice, or grains... things that we lived on forever without being sick, of course, exaggeration will make you sick no matter the food you are consuming. @amg it's sweetened drinks and sweet mostly. my people really enjoy sweet drink. especially with the new craze with bubble tea @patam and what is the cause of the amount of diabetics in you country? was it like that before western food come to yoir country? i'm chinese and let me tell you. a lot of us are diabetic. we seems healthy because only a small portion of us are obese. the introduction of a western diet in china is starting to cause noticeable issues. in addition, they don't overeat eat to the same extent as americans and do a noticeably better job of moving around on a day to day basis. what about all the white rice eaten in china, japan, and other asian countries? seems to me that the people stay pretty slender and healthy until they adopt the american diet. watching this after polishing off a whole package of cookies. i need this talk so badly! ok zoomer - @sandra elder we all get old. nothing to be ashamed of. ok zoomer - at my age?! . can you still do that at your age? i am 31 and just recently i started getting awful headaches after consuming sugar. omg -- she speaks the truth. real whole food power! listen to your body i love this ted talk and she is super genuine, thus very engaging. there is so much misunderstanding in this area. i hope people listen and can change their lives. ty sarah skal i'm type 1 and the recommendations for me were 45-60 carbs per meal for me also and i just could not wrap my head around that so this talk reaffirmed that questioning that advice is the thing to do!!!! thank you note that those with type 1 diabetes must balance their life with food, exercise, and insulin, as instructed in diabetes education. if you want to try a true ketogenic diet, do it very gradually and with your doctor's knowledge and support. your insulin requirements may change in unexpected ways, so test often and keep carbohydrates and glucagon at hand at all times. i was only listening and not watching this video. i really think this woman could make a lot of money reading stories to children or doing voices in movies.\nvery exciting, very expressive voice. why didn't your parents pay to get your lisp fixed\nbtw - clear discussion - and easy to understand i u good job doc..\nlet'em hear you in the back. someone is poisoning us. i bet it's tied to glysophate. and probably all the preservatives put in our food. and maybe even all the antibiotics and growth hormones put in our meat my doc said im so sweet like a diabetic. so i give her a taste of my tonge. she went trembling n fall on her knees so u know the end... absolutely great talk! thanks! well, so ketogenic nutrition answers all & any doubts about curing the diabetic epidemic, where 60% of americans are either 'pre-diabetic' or are type 2 diabetic. so don't waste your time with conspiracy theories about the medical/pharma conglomerates. get informed and share the news. nobel price for this doctor. all i can say is \"thank you\". diabetes is curable in 10 days.\nit's nothing more than a cholesterol problem.\nalmost all degenerative diseases are caused by poor diet (lack of vitamins, minerals and fresh living enzymes). basically everything at your grocery store poison.\nbut there's no profit in cures. so you'll never hear mainstream tell you to juice organic plant based foods.\nyou are what you eat.\ntedx (edx=33).. btw\naids=33\nkkk=33\nflu (lu=33)\nnra=33\nthe list is endless. learn the hoax code if you want to avoid the bs. the vegans are upset. oh but fruits! yea fruits is still sugar you dummies. unfortunately, much of what she eats in plant foods is very high in oxalates (almond, flax) and other anti-nutrients that are making people sick. dr. hallberg looks very strong. old security guards learn to be wary of women especially with good posture, good triceps, good trapezoids and also well defined quads are another indication. a strong appearance lends credibility. more than credentials. this presenter has both. ironically the ad youtube showed me before seeing this video was jack-in-the-box. imagine that!? why does every dr. not know what this dr. knew years ago?!? drug companies is all about the money. they love keeping people sick. what's up with that sweater-blouse hybrid? so i see a lot of slack given to the medic industry about keeping us sick. i feel sorry for where ever it is you live. i get free podiatrist and dietician visits. they encourage wieghtloss to try and get you off meds... maybe cause most of them are subsadised and we have public health care.. very dangerous advise long term....carbs are the problem? sure. please stop eating vegetables and fruit! sure. dont be fooled....ketogenic diets will reverse diabetes but look out for heart disease, strokes, dementia etc....your insulin is not not the problem, it's the uptake of the insulin that's a problem....stop eating dairy and meat and see what happens - reverse diabetes and have all round health! logic is all that is needed. diabetes is not curable people however you can control it all the way to the point you no longer have to be on meds but once a diabetic forever a diabetic one thing i've been trying to figure out is if sugar substitute is as bad sugar. thanks for this speech. i just got diagnosed. my doc says the same thing. but the market in our country gives me a hard time. the alternatives are sooooooooo expensive! animal products in the diet is causing diabetes. not the carbs\ndr. mcdougall has healed and completely reversed diabetes and heart disease with the whole food plant based diet.\nits not the carbs, its the animal foods! ya, my type 2 diabetic husband followed this advice and his glucose levels went up the roof... thanks... if you're listening to a ted talk to help you lose weight, i wanna be here to let you know that you're on the right path! the change in your body will first begin in your mind. educate yourself on how to transform the thoughts that cause you to remain overweight. i did this myself and i have lost 100 lbs. please check out my story! so very low carbs, eat good fats and exercise??? i need help i have to get laser treatment for my eyes today...i have faith in god but i want to do my part. what you eat is what you are. if you cannot control what you eat, what else can you do? doctors make money by getting you on to drugs. they get a kickback. a friend of mine goes to canada a few times a year to buy his diabetic drugs. in canada, he pays 250.00 for what he had previously been paying 2500.00 dollars here in the states. he told me he did not even need a prescription in canada. once again, we are being ripped off by the medical/pharmaceutical industry here in the states. even after trumps bill signings, the only ones getting a break is the illegals. she's so cute! i really learnt a lot from her and i found for the first time i wasn't judged for all my symptoms like my brown rashes on my neck, fatigue, and all that stuff... and funniest thing is- i dont eat gluten or dairy. but i do remember myself eating sugar over the summer a lot..........so now i'm not eating much sugar at all and working out and trying to sleep well. let's see how this goes! love the message. i watched another ted talks that says to ramp up natural carbs, in fruits and zero out all oils. there is so much on both sides of the coin. what to believe? todai61 to me, it doesn't make any sense to cut out a whole food group. uhmmm..the obese are to blame for being obese. unless someone has them strapped down and is force feeding them.\nall of the education you could ever want is free, on the internet at your fingertips. i didn't spend money to figure out how to eat well and live a healthy lifestyle. i cared about my health and found the information. what a speech. nice and true beautiful video. been on keto for 2 yrs now, and haven't looked back. i agree 100% with everything in this video! i was just taken of my metformin and my diabetes declared reversed this week. it didn't even require the severe sounding steps she describes. i cut my carbs way down, but allowed myself the occasional sweet treat. a year of reasonable mostly low carb eating and i'm healthy again. lost 85 pounds too. janet flores hmm.. most days i skip breakfast. if i have breakfast, i skip the toast and potatoes. lunch and dinner vary a lot. i will eat a relatively carb heavy meal like spaghetti or pizza sometimes, but never both meals in the same day. meals like grilled chicken and broccoli, steak and onions, hamburger helper made with less pasta, eggy dishes like omelettes and frittata, are all pretty common. i'll indulge in a sweet treat every few days but i try to go high quality over quantity, and i try to spread it out, just a few bites at a time over a few hours or even a day. i enjoy each bite more that way; if i eat it all at once, my tastebuds are a bit burned out at the end and i'm not getting as much for my calories. and critically, i'm keeping my portions small still, probably 1500-1600 calories a day, not counting the bad days which do happen. i'm 110 pounds down now. hope this helps, but what worked for me may not work for others. what is your diet made up of now. since you've cut down carbs way low. wow! one of her main points is that \"carbs spike insulin levels\" (like many before her), but i believe that newer research has proven this not to be true for everyone. what spikes insulin for me is different than what does it for you. i can deal very well with white potatoes and rice, but have other carbs (or other things) spike my levels. i think this talk is very simplistic overall, but if it helps people stop eating junk food, that's a step. i think it's not necessary to demonize a whole perfectly good food group in order to be healthy! beware of anything that purports to apply to everyone in every situation. that said, she makes perfect sense. while it is true different things spike insulin for different people, it doesn't follow that refined carbs are therefore okay for some and not others. you'll suffer no down side to giving up refined carbs. holy grail! holy grain video\ni seriously can't thank you more.\nmy mum is into diabetes nd taking a lots of medication from last 3 years nd now! im gonna do something about it! thanks ted x nd doc for letting the world know the actual truth behind mafia s\nlove from india! do you have a \" menu \" of sorts to share? she is right, i have problems fasting for a blood test for probably the last three years, this caused me to investigate and i told my doctor that i believe i'm insulin resistance about a year ago, i just left the doctors with metformin and a blood glucose meter. the doctor wants me to talk to the dietician, i don't want to, i've already put myself on a keto diet. ditch the carbs, i would love to meet this lady. a surprising side effect from my low carb diet; i no longer have acne problems. the inflammation of my skin almost disappeared in 5 weeks. years of medicine that barely did anything and cost a lot of money, and now i finally found a cure! caloric restriction on eggs has reversed it in 2 weeks the faster it happens the faster it comes back..so mild restriction and life changes can change the condition where do i get fats i could do it if i tried in less that 24 hours. no meds! okay, who here named their first son \"keto\"? lol! j/k! i've read all the comments - you all keep up the great work for your future great health! my dear god bless this true doctor who has been so open and human that has resisted the temptation of money over truth and empathy for her fellow man. you are 1 in 10,000,000 million! whats sad is that 80% of any species are going to be followers/drone/worker bees(incapable of hacking their conformity circuits) and hence they will never ever be able to take the red pill (unless galacto-klein smith makes a red pill) when she said a diabetic patient can save 2k a year by not spending on meds alone, i started wondering, whether she's still alive... :: i've never taken anything in over 15 years. i'm type 2. doctor dope man thought he could march me down that road. this is my wife's account, i am bill. @c. lord shes in remission. see her twitter. @chief smackaho llc haha yea steak! same thing i asked myself, did they take her out yet i'm 65 years old. on 6/5/2019 my doctor had my blood drawn and the result was that my blood-sugar reading was 341. i was prescribed 2000 mg of metformin per day and was told that in 30 days an additional drug would be added to the current prescription. after this appointment, instead of taking the drug i started a zero carb diet. i ate 100% protein. 30 days later, i lost 18.5 lbs. and my blood-sugar reading was 88 for the day and 98 for a 30-day average. 60 days later, 1 lost another 9.5 lbs. for a total of 28 lbs. and my daily reading was 103 and 93 for a 30-day average. now, 128 days later my total weight loss is 32 lbs. from when i started the protein diet and my daily reading today was 89 and my 30-day average was 94. see dr. atkins diet revolution 1972 book the atkins diet. i hope this helps someone with type-two diabetes that is wanting to control their situation with food as opposed to using drugs. the drugs won't get rid of diabetes they will only control it maybe? god bless. @k tortora no soy. no carbs. just protein taken = original atkins diet that came out in the 1973 book. the new and improved atkins diet book is junk; you might as well join weight watchers and who's got time to count calories? 18ealan too much soy in atkins products for me, but i like the diet itself. i just use the diet without atkins soy products. i eat less protein than atkins recommends also. but it works. i just had to adjust it to my particular body. about 6000 vegans disliked this video it's amazing to hear a practicing doctor say this! not to hard on the eyes either! my wife and i have recently began removing the sugar added items from our diet. not tossing everything way, but as we eat it sparingly, we do not replace it!\ni am especially interested in using the non gain flours and such for baking.\nit is so much fun to cook real food at home. using spices and herbs i have had in the house and around the yard growing, it's neat that i really can make sauces and soups that taste really good without canned help!\nthank you! all so true. great video. i've been doing keto for awhile. lost weight, feel great. a lot of family and friends tell me man you got to eat carbs or you will die!!! i just laugh on the inside and roll on because i know better. people have been taught to eat incorrectly in school, at home, and by doctors. the american carbohydrate diet will kill you. research keto diet on youtube. so much great information. i wish i could like this 1,000 times. very inspiring thank you they had the food pyramid wrong all these years it should be upside down ancel keys did it. why asians eat carb. threes times a day yet they have less obesity and diabetic problems then the americans ? this was so helpful. watch my week long keto trial video! nearly 6000 thumbs-down from big pharma workers... from people who know she is wrong. slow down the dynamic and everything will be fine. thanks sarah. 18 minutes to say don't eat any added sugar. also, lose the grain and beans. gary sanchez i also heard her say why one day i noticed a blood blister on my left leg. i went the clinic and the doctor called for a blood test. it revealed my a1c was 11.4. doctor says i have type 2 diabetes. she prescribes 3 meds. i took them for 2 weeks. side effects were to great. i had to stop taking them. i found a natural product, syntra 5, that works on blood sugar, blood pressure and cholesterol. in 3 months my a1c was 6.0. 3 months later 5.8 and 3 more months 5.4. my sugar reading since are always 110. wow. thx! yes, cancer is another one where it pays to keep people sick and not cured. outstanding talk, thank you for the information doc. this sounds good. but how do you expect the ceos of pharmaceutical companies to pay for their mansions, yachts, luxury penthouses, mistresses, and imported cars? federal reserve bail outs & stimulus packages. all along i was thinking what was said in the last minute: the big pharma need people to be on their expensive meds. i think she's right food industry? guilty, everything, yes, eveything you eat has far too much sugar (carbs) in it incredible talk! you nailed it. i am an rn and in my life, and the field, reinforcing this truth! yes!! me too. but patients are resistant to this type of info. sad. i will keep on reminding them though! humans are carnivores... nice video! apologies for the intrusion, i would love your opinion. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (search on google)? it is a good exclusive guide for reversing diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some incredible things about it and my buddy at last got excellent results with it. thanks for the video content! excuse me for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (do a google search)? it is an awesome exclusive product for reversing diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some super things about it and my mate after many years got astronomical results with it. i am happy i saw this alot of over weight people are to blame. i have utilized prednisone as remedy for my pneumonia not knowing that it has risen my blood sugar levels and eventually caused diabetes. at that time, my a1c is 10.1, that is quite high. the good news is, i've learn about this easy guide \"vnj fivu\" (google it). i've undergone a retesting two months later and the end result signifies that (my a1c had decreased to 6.8 just .3 above normal).. you're saying zero carbs should be the norm but all cultures, all races eat some amount of carbs. chinese, japanese, vietnamese, indians, arabs, africans everybody. it's just that americans (and other western industrial countries) take abnormal (excessive) amounts of carbohydrates and sugars in their diet. obesity is not a disease prolonged fasting.\ncole robinson snake juice.\ndo not follow the mainstream. here's a news flash people - the a1c test was never meant to be used to diagnose diabetes. it was designed in the early 1970s, to help diabetics keep track of the efficacy of their diets. for more than 35 years, doctors wrongfully used it to diagnose diabetes. about mid-2000s, the fda approved it to diagnose diabetes! but doctors had been using it without fda approval for more than three decades. they finally just rubber-stamped it to keep from prosecuting all of the doctors. look it up yourselves. i found the info on a diabetes foundation web site. sounds to me, more like they are chromium deficient...look it up - same symptoms of not being able to process glucose...without chromium. just two words : thank you.\nthank you ted talks and thank you dr. hallberg.... fasting is the best way to cure diabetes. i did what she said, even before i see this video, low carb it's what's needed for ty2 diabites, plus changing the less moving lifestyle best thing stay away from any doctor educated in u.s that studied books approved by big pharma as soon as she said you don't need carbs i stopped the video.todays diabetes is caused on purpose by processed food poor people buy.easily reversed by eating naturaly grown veggies and meats. stay inside when they spray chemtrails. my brother cured his diabetes and high blood pressure on a whole food, plant based diet. it was easy and he was off his insulin in 3 weeks. he eats what he likes including pasta, rice, toast and peanut butter, oatmeal, vegan burgers. doesn't have to avoid bread. check out .dr. greger's videos and nonprofit website, 'nutritionfacts.org'. three years later his a1c is perfect and his new doctor says that he has a hard time believing that he was ever diabetic. he can eat grains, potatoes and sugar in moderation. he loves his sunflower and flax whole grain bread! he loves chickpea and potato curries, and bowls of oatmeal with mango, bananas and blueberries. he is healthy and hikes long distances. he i so happy to be off of all medications! big pharma and big processed food has another angle of attack now, it's called veganism. by it's nature, a very high carb diet touted as healthier than eating meat and animal products. some will argue you can do lchf as a vegan, but what are you going to eat, nothing but nuts, seeds, and vegetable oils all day? anyone with common sense can tell that's not healthy either, don't fall into that trap. how about getting rid of cheap high fructose corn-syrup? making it ill-legal? but what about the profits? i am walking proof of your conclusions. at 65 years old i was diagnosed with high blood pressure and put on medication. at 66 years old i was diagnosed as a diabetic with a 7.1 a1c and my doctor decided to wait for three months as a confirmation. after watching your video it made so much sense to me so i decided to go keto and some if. well just as you suggested after two months i returned to the doctor and my a1c was now 5.4. :) better yet i check my blood pressure daily and to my surprise my blood pressure had dropped. it started at 160 to 180 over 100 and after medication it came down to 130 to 140 over 89. after two months on keto my blood pressure dropped to 110 over 75. thank you so much for your talk as i am no longer diabetic and my doctor is talking about taking me off my blood pressure medicine. what a relief!! this amazing woman safe me. i did what she said here, and completely reversed type 2 diabetes in months! against what my doctor recommended. now i'm saving other people on my own. wake up @cultured sims bless your soul, work hard! @ibanez10000 o @tobin lisa who is this dr. rabiu, and how to contact him?\nthanks in advance please help me what's your routine? i'm 13 and need help do i cut carbs and sugar? there are other factors too. gum disease, including plain old gingivitis, makes diabetes much worse. we had been hearing that for a while but when i really started to believe it was when one particular patient with severe diabetes came in. his gums were bad and so was his oral hygiene. we did 4 quadrants of root planing and went over how to brush and floss and the next time he came in he said they had had to cut his meds in half because his numbers were so much better. you don't have to live your whole life with diabetes. i found a way to reverse my diabetes thanks to this great books and i hope it will help some others too => *diabetesremedynatural. com* ok but grains are good for the intestines. do you really think keto is more healthy than vegan whole food diet? lol, yes. i provided help to two individuals who are coping with type two diabetes by discussing them \"vnj fivu\". one of these was able to lessen his ha1c to 5.9 and triumphed in curing his diabetic issues. the condition of the other person has greatly improved. his fasting blood sugar was down to 110mg/dl and he is no longer prone to heart trauma, losing his legs and arms, and also eye impairment and neuropathy.. if whole grain and wheat is a no go, than what kinda breaded sandwich can i eat? no bread altogether? that's super difficult to consider, i'm barely type 1 at 6.5 and i'd hate to not be able to eat bread or brown rice @salemdesigns65 if they dont sell it in stores ill be outta luck when you stop eating grain bread, within a week your body will not crave it. theres alot of recipes using almond, hazelnut and coconut flour to make breads and biscuits. loves her! i watched for a family member, just emailed he watches! it's quick simple & to point. great talk here. several months ago my sugar was 311 & rising. doctor wanted to put me on insulin. i panicked & refused to take insulin. medicine & diet has my sugar at 109 now. i avoided insulin. i need to find dr. sarah hallberg's clinic because i want to get off all medicine. good luck to us all. perfect elementary school teacher voice. i'm starting a low carb diet tomorrow, want to get off the metformin. thanks for the inspiring message, dr sarah. no no no sugar, no bread, tortia, rice, pancakes bins, subs, burgers,cakes, doughnuts,nothing with flour, no pies no pizza,no potato .....go green... celery, green pepper,salads, broccoli,cabbage, cauliflower, pumpkin, cotiander,onions,olives, avocado,tomatoes, good luck! do you like eggs? start with a couple every morning and you're on your way. 150 calories, no carbs, no sugar. compare that to \"healthy\" stone cut oatmeal, or a \"healthy\" bowl of cereal. wow how can you say there is no need for carbs. as a physicians you must certainly know that carbs included vegetables and fruit. it sounds very misleading. after eating chinese food, and an hour later i am taking a nap! no potatoes. i went through a similar transformation as many people in the comments. down 70 pounds, no medication now, and a1c from 11 to 5.5. the one tool that really helped me was a continuous glucose monitor like freestyle libra. it requires a prescription and insurance will most likely not covered for type two; however it was worth it for me. it gave me the ability to understand exactly how the foods i was eating changed my glucose levels. seems simple but was very powerful. potatoes are a prominent source of potassium for a lot of americans. potassium is a particularly important electrolyte. if low/no carb diet is used, where do we get our potassium? look up doctor berg from alexandria va. he echoes everything she is saying and is an anti-corporatist as well. anti-corporatist? i don't know the doctor you mention, but it seems fairly logical that a doctor or a nutrition scientist who finds that the food agencies, pharmaceutical companies, processed food manufacturers and advertisers continue to support, sell and profit from promoting eating habits that harm the population, albeit slowly, rather than poisoning them quickly, might form an \"anti-corporatist\" view about their cynicism. those who say so in public are brave, but true to their principles (\"do no harm\"). in the meantie, many others decide to stay silent because they don't expect to win, while the vast majority don't know - they don't question what they learned decades ago in medical colleges. he's not a medical doctor. he is not a nutritionist either. i used to listen to him until he gave off strong quack vibes. i'm so disappointed in him, but at least i know now to never put these folks on a pedestal in the first place. he does what a lot of 'pros' do to pay for their mortgages and vacations - push treatments and 'nutrition' products to make money. pay attention. it works. not sure about eating more fats but one thing i am sure of is that eating a plant based diet (lifestyle) can reverse type 2 diabetes. bebo y pato dr. sarah hallberg such a caring and sweet person. i will have to say i am very excited about starting the treatment plan from virta. with such intelligent physicians like her i want to follow this plan and see the results of better health. sure so when y oiu go on a keto diet what does it do to your cholesterol and triglycerides? prednisone was utilized to treat my pneumonia, nevertheless, the medication also stimulated the increase of my blood glucose levels that led to diabetes. my a1c soared to 10.1 during that time. luckily, i have learn about this easy guideline \"vnj fivu\" (google it). i have undergone a retesting 2 months later and also the end result signifies that (my a1c had decreased to 6.8 just .3 above normal).. eating minimal carbs walk about 3 blocks after meals works for me ac1-5-7 just me thankyou for helping me how to reverse type 2 diabetes in 3 weeks: *diabetescure3weeks. com* thanks a lot.\ngreetings from india. please comment that you mean type 1 diabetes in any statement about it if you are a doctor. pls. this doctor knows nothing about it, insulin resistance is due to saturated fats and not to carbohydrates. @christian bocca vous avez un agenda vegetalien. le type 2 est arrete, minimise ou en remission avec un regime riche en graisses et en proteines. le pain, les pates, la qunioa, etc. sont les ennemis des diabetiques car ils font monter la glycemie. les produits d'origine animale ne le sont pas. @eric k les produits d'origine animale boostent l'insuline qui cause aussi la resistance a l'insuline. en lisant mon livre vous allez apprendre plein de choses que personne ne sait sur l'alimentation. @christian bocca meat, chicken, fish and eggs have zero sugar, zero carbs and a zero glycemic index. so how are they bad for diabetics? es-tu vegetalien? @eric k prouvez moi le contraire!!!! you have been brainwashed by a registered dietitian? to erase diabetes in 3 weeks!> *diabetescure3weeks. com* there are some animals that have a gene that enable them to make their own vitamin c from glucose. humans have this gene but it does not work (it apparently stopped working in humans 35 million years ago). if there was a gene therapy that would give people a working version of that gene, some of that excess glucose could be converted to vitamin c which the body needs. there is a gene therapy similar to this that is being developed for hunter's syndrome. in hunter's syndrome, there is a defective gene that does not produce the enzymes to break down a complex sugar that causes it to accumulate and cause damage to the body, not unlike type 2 diabetes. the gene therapy that is being developed inserts a working copy of that defective gene. i think that getting a working copy of the gene that produces vitamin c from glucose would help people live with type 2 diabetes without having to take as much insulin.\ni think that pharmaceutical companies should do is develop a drug that would do the work of that gene by supplying the necessary enzymes to convert excess glucose to vitamin c in the liver. forcing the body to take increasing ineffective doses of insulin is not a smart way to go about it. i have been doing keto since jan and have reduced my daily units of insulin from 58 to 46. i will continue with this for the rest of my life. my last a1c was 6.0 greedy bastards is what government \"health\" administrations are. diabetes and disease are huge money makers!!!! i believe that it can't be done yes i do not have diabetes myself but my mom did god rest your soul. i do low carb and intermittent fasting. i also try to workout fasted most days and that really does lower blood sugar.\nafter 12 years im off the diabetic meds and my blood sugar is close to normal. almost reversed it.. yep. keto fasting all my life...................from 14-present*. @goku not a scientifically valid or factually accurate documentary. sorry. sugar and a high carb diet does in fact causr diabetes. ketosis can in fact reverse it. those are scientific and biological facts. @j.o. veg plant based low carb diet i followed her advice and i am no longer \"prediabetic\". i was identified as having diabetic issues several months ago. i'm presently sixty-four years old. i can't imagine that i have diabetes and it worries me that i will also experience the same struggles like my dad did. uncovered this amazing information \"vnj fivu\" (google it). the main test outcomes show that my glucose was at 183 and my a1c was 7.3. after a week of reading the program, i have managed to decrease my a1c to 5.9.. does anyone have a link to the study which she mention shows the link between insulin resistance and coronary heart disease? ..doctors reverse type 2 diabetes in three weeks \"no more drugs pills or insulin injections to know more click on link.....=> *diabetescure3weeks. com* the information is very helpful for me. could someone send this to trump; who is obese anyway, but still loves to insult and blame \"400lbs guys sitting on the couch\". the doctor who found helico bater for ulcer cause was ignored and threatened by those big pharmacy cooperates long time. the truth will never lose.\ni hope this treatment will really work.\ni'm gonna try this for 2 weeks. it will. i'm heavily insulin resistant, type 2 and pcos type 4 or 5. i get along well away from carbs, and you can too . i eat every 23 hours without hunger pains or cravings. one can't get wealthy if pople aren't sick. when she says \"no grain\" does that include oats which i was told - and i've read umpteen times - is really good for you: contains certain types of fibre and helps lower cholesterol?\n\"no potatoes\" - does that include sweet potatoes and yams - i thought these and potatoes in their skins was good for you (?) @salemdesigns65 i'd look more carefully at sweet potatoes-they are more like squash than white potatoes, and very good for you. walk away from all potatoes, breads, pastas, grains, breakfast cereals and all packaged foods for 2 weeks. you see a difference even if you're not a diabetic. what causes insulin resistance in the first place? how a doctor can recommend or even urges the people to use medication to make money that will harm and give permanent damage, i can not comprehend. if we can not trust the doctors then whom we will trust? erdogan cilingir- it isn't safe to trust anyone. only god. he is always on our side. this is truly one of the greatest presentations i've heard in a long time.\ni was diagnosed with t2 four months ago and decided to make a lifestyle change: no sugar and minimal carbs, 20 or less net a day. lost 25 pounds and still going. no meds, and blood pressure normal. my mind is clearer than ever.\nthanks for posting this video. i that anyone who is insulin resistant sees it and there life is changed for the best. traveling pai hi.. what was your diet plan can you share to me? thankss the world needs more doctors like this! nope thanks to keto i have reversed by type 2 diabetes! i was diabetic for 4 years and was getting sicker and heavier. i was 270 lbs, my knee was swollen and painful from bloating and inflammation, my periods were very irregular, i had heart palpitations, high blood pressure, and i am only 35. i went low carb this year and within weeks the knee swelling disappeared within months my blood glucose average was 100 and my a1c was non diabetic! i am off my diabetes medicine. my periods have been normal for 6 month, my blood pressure pill cut in half, and i have lost 63 lbs and counting!!!! going low carb has been totally worth it. i helped a family member move from her 2 story townhouse that was on the 2nd floor so i literally ran up and down 3 flights of stairs for a couple hours and wasn't even winded. it was amazing. i kept asking myself how am i doing this? the answer keto and weight loss. there is no way before i would have been able to do it!!! @sheldon taylor you're welcome! @kristina sullivan thank you @sheldon taylor trying to keep it under 35 grams ish. i'm terrible at tracking perfectly. but i mainly eat meat and veggies. i've lost 80 lbs total so far. trying to lose the rest. i've been eating zero carb/carnivore some meals to cut down further on the carb intake and i think its helping. :) how much carbs did you eat one of the best presentations i have seen on type 2 diabetes-excellent !!! 5.9k dislikes\nprobably all doctors! that was awesome!!!!! thank you!!!! carbs are cheaper to produce in bulk. this charlatan has been paid by the industry to spread lies. i figured out \"vnj fivu\" (google it) from my friend and read it to shed weight and heal my diabetes. this informative guide has shared me the optimal fitness as well as diet regime to follow. right after 1 day on the diet plan my own blood glucose levels was down about 35 points, and by day four it was decrease about 60 points. that worked very well, on the other hand, and that i felt great. i am happy that my blood glucose is much better now... amazing! by simply choosing \"vnj fivu\" (google it), you will recover from diabetic issues and set you to a more favourable life style. my has been following this plan religiously for over 45 days. he has been reliant to insulin for several years in his six year long struggle against type 2 diabetes. his dietary habits have favorably altered since he has been an avid reader and follower of this program.. i've always told my patients that their weight is a function of what they eat and how much they eat. this talk centered on what they eat - great. she didn't go much into how portion control plays a significant roll too. if you are old enough to remember the 1960's - the burgers were smaller, the drink cups were not big gulps and people controlled their own portions sizes because they ate at home. now restaurants control portion size - they want to make you think they are giving you value for your dollars so they give you more. a higher carb diet is not a big issue if you don't eat too many calories overall either. obesity was notmas much of an issue in past generations. it is all about what you eat and how much. i don't quite agree with \"cut the carbs and reverse diabetes\". it simply doesn't work like that. many doctors focus on treating the symptom, which is high blood sugar. they don't focus on the root of the problem, which is insulin resistance. the best way to increase insulin receptivity is to cut out all animal fats and processed vegetable oils and also maintaining a diet with low glycemic index. what about rye and other healthy grain? it's not even really intentional or masterminded when companies are creating an unethical situation like that; there's alot of companies doing things differently and some are better suited to financial success and the others die off. if there are 15 different allergy medications and 1 of them causes withdrawal symptoms identical to allergy symptoms, then people are going to keep taking that one longer and it will sell more and it'll be the only one that can afford a huge ad campaign, and pretty soon the non-ideal allergy medication will be the only one that people want to buy. nobody at the company has to know about the system that's developed, it just works by natural selection both myself and hubby shed diabetes type 2, without any help. neither obese.\nnegating processed sugars. whole foods inc grass fed dairy and meat. good. look up the definition for cause. how can i get this woman as my doctor?!?! the reason the grains are so bad for us now us because every crop of wheat is sprayed with round up to dessicate it so it can be harvested while standing. 99% of all wheat is sprayed 4 days before it is harvested. it has most likely changed the gluten in the seed. that is why grains are killing us? reduce eating food that raises glucose to reduce hyperglycemia. doctors give antidiabetic medication because patients won't change their lifestyle and diet, but those who did improve their condition. i got an uncle whose doctor won't prescibe him higher doses of metformin but only advice to change lifestyle even though his normal blood sugar levels are high, because he fears the patient will carelessly eat, being dependent on the meds. thanks for the talk. if you would like you can learn about herbs that lower blood sugar here:\n@t unfortunately our modern medical establishment is more concerned with treatment that cures. they make money on treatment. cures only eliminate potential patients. if what she says made any sense then populations like the italian population (with pasta and bread at every meal) would be at greater risk then anyone else. the reported number of diabetic cases in italy in percentage was 2.9% in the 1980's, slightly more now due to fad diets, american diets and so on, invading people's life and minds, unfortunately. our government has betrayed us. it's not up to the government to tell us what to eat. we have free trade in america. we have gotten lazy in our fast pace life styles. no one wants to spend time preparing and cooking whole foods. we end up going through a drive through or ordering take out or buying packaged food. i know cause when i'm tired i do it too. but we are responsible for our own health. @vs sm you are absolutely right there is an educational crisis, how do you think so many young americans don't understand the foolishness of socialism? @1965ace oh, boy, now i understand what people mean when talk about american education crisis @vs sm you are a freeloader? @1965ace we do not pay for health insurance. very cool. she's very passionate about her job. is there a menu for this food? i wan to eat this way but i dont know any recipices :( check keto diet keto.\nyou will lose weight and reverse the diabetes. awesome that's a brave inspiring lady. how do you explain older asians who ate a diet of 90% white rice and yet\nhad virtually no diabetes or heart disease and much lower levels of\ncancer? @alexander hamiltonyes,but we also have to conclude white rice must be healthy. talk about it being processed and high glycemic can not get around the fact that in actual practice (apart from theory) its very healthy. no animals products. type 2 diabetes reversed with a whole food plant based diet. nearly every other disease as well. lymph vs mucus. acidic vs alkaline. simple. eat more plants. toowong foo couldn't agree more. currently studying nursing, finding this is the main point along with good levels of exercise before turning to a more pharmaceutical route. we have been exposed to both methods, suppose it depends on the practitioner. statistically, people with skin tags are insulin resistant. richard tomkins i've heard dr berg say that. how do you keep your blood level above 4 and stop going hypo without carbs though? it's not a dieses of the body, it's a disease of the system of industry backed my money, at the cost of our planet, put them on mcdougall doet. and shift your fight to the instructors killing your country. i am not diabetic but i do believe that i am insulin resistant. i have lost almost 40 pounds by eating lchf, and i was able to drop one of my blood pressure medications. never going back. the food industry knows amd controls the masses of walking chemistry labs doing what they wilt. every food in existence that is process has these plus tons of other ingredients such as thiamine mononitrate, ribo flavin, floric acid, sodium nitrate (used in gunpowder), carrageenan (carcinogen).\nit's called population control. capiche? a diabetic is like an annuity for the doc and big pharma,,,treatments are such that the patient doesn't die right away, and requires meds and care for life...an annuity!! this study came out after the video. but not grains are whole as she states. \"the findings of a 2016 meta-analysis of 45 studies published in the british medical journal that reported that whole grain intake was associated with a reduced risk of coronary heart disease, cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, respiratory diseases, and death from all causes.\" i got rid of my diabetes from cutting carbs and gardening. unfortunately as soon as i was back healthy i had a stroke. now i'm disabled and have diabetes again lol what if meds or eating carb free still doesn't lower glucose levels? the veteran's administration needs to heed what this brave doctor is saying, before their so called move program (replete with the usual 45-60 grams of carbs per meal disinformation) kills any more veterans.\nas of this year, ada finally endorses low-carb and further admitted in the same report that we get all of our glucose requirements from metabolic processes.\nin other words, they finally admitted what dr. hallberg states, that there is no dietary requirement for carbohydrates.\ni'll bet this video with millions of views goes a long way towards shattering the dangerous propaganda of the status quo. dr atkins espoused similar ideas years ago and all doctors laughed at him and tried to destroy him. today, doctors are redressing his ideas, calling it their own and labeling it amazing discoveries. @stefan coetzee he hit his head, was in the hospital where he couldn't move, and his body collected fluid. that's how my dad'd baby sister and mom died. dr atkins had coronary heart disease and was 260lbs....kero is good for diabetes but horrible for any other aspect of your health....stop dairy and meat and see what happens. carb up! this person has a ph.d?? not in english or grammar apparently ..she said eating until you're literally busting at the seams??\nliterally?? what seams is she talking about??\nregardless i believe everything else shes saying.... it's just hard to choose the right foods i tried the john mcdougall programme and it was excellent. hi starches. my health, body and mind felt fantastic. i slept well, had more energy etc @harold fernandez thanks harold, i never stated that animals made b12. the only reason b12 is present in meat is because they eat plants with dirt (which has b12) and because they take b12 supplements. @him bike god bless him. he might have lived to 100 or more like the people in the blue zones who eat very little meat. @kiwi texan b12 is actually not made by animals. it is in microorganisms in the soil which make their way into cows and other mammals. @alexander hamilton her advice works. after 3 months of low carb diet my a1c went from 8.9 to 5.9 and my triglycerides are 93. i've been diabetic close to 15 years, but now i'm off all my meds including insulin. i've never tried a vegan diet, but i know the low carb works for me. zach you mean the simple carbs or all carbs? with all due respect, you are wrong! diabetes is caused by eating proteins. with all due respect, please present the evidence you are relying on for this statement. herns but... i love cake, chocolate, ice cream, candy, soda, baked potatoes, frozen pizza, pasta, bread and all of that stuff... i have to quit all that? just limit their consumption to once in a while. that should be perfectly fine. that is a dream no type 2 anecdotal: in my own case, i endured several hours of really uncomfortable cold daily for four weeks, and coincidentally that was the same few weeks when my insulin resistance went away. and stayed away for three years. i suspected maybe it hadn't been coincidental so the minute my doctor mentioned insulin resistance again i tried it again - this time voluntarily - and it went away again. maybe it only works for me, or maybe it was only coincidence and won't happen next time. but that's turning into a heck of a coincidence. hi\nhow could i get a copy of your diet from your clinic please. a joke i once heard...\n\"yes a cure would be the best thing since sliced bread.....but the treatment is our bread and butter.\" @andrea nittel go keto...!! i eat bread- made from almond flour and psyillium husk.......... the last widely excepted prejudice ie the only group you can make fun of with no reprocutions? white southern christian males? can i get a bacon bacon bacon and bacon sammich please...thanks! hey, people of the comment section who shared their experience; i want to say thank you, thanks for keep motivating me and other people to stay on this lifestyle :\") how to avoid grains when eating bread making a total of coconut. it is pure sugar and i must not get too much of it. i have diabetes eat bread that is not made from grains. dr. sarah bakes with coconut flower. health food stores have bread made from products other than grains. i became diabetic from it. was in the hospital for malnutrition & lacking iron. plus i have ibs making it harder. my glucose levels were 599, off the charts! why do asian people eat rice in every meal and yet are fairly thin? i believe her but that confuses me. really ...??? wow. our bodies are made up of two things, one of them we all know very well ...water and ...minerals. basic biology/genetics. this woman is not sharing everything. chromium and vanadium are the two minerals that open up your cells to allow nutrients in. (see dr. jason fung here on youtube) if you don't get water, what happens? same thing if you don't get minerals, you starve and eventually die. food is minerals, not fruits, veggies and proteins. an apple, bread, hamburger are delivery mechanisms to carry minerals to your body, and everything we put in our mouths are mineral deficient since soils are not replenished with minerals. do the research. insulin resistence is never addressed. to the person watching this video who is deciding to handle things themselves...she never said she was going to step in and be responsible for any negative consequences you may have. what about eggs ? eggs are natural.\ni think processed food and sugar sodawater can do more harm.\npalmoil, soya and other manipulated foods are also dangerous.\nwhat about coffee sweeteners and coffee creamer powder .......\nmaybe grandmother's kitchen is the best !? we have to stay away from them. high bloodpresure and bloodsugar,\nis it dna related ?\nyou are what you eat, you eat who you are.\nfoods sold in stores and restaurants are also the problem.\nbuy buy buy buy.\nwe are poisoned by what we eat and drink. eating animals products is deadly. wow amazing, what else isn't my fault? i have lazyituss! which leads to lack of money, right ? i think we are responsible for what we eat. if big tech is not brought to heel in regard to politically-based censorship , believe me , this sort of video will ne censored in a very few years ...\npharmaceutical companies will make sure of that . i just love doctors willing to tell the truth! thank you people with diabetes and gout only want to answer what to eat we're told everything not to eat we only want to know the food you can't eat that's it a list of food you can eat for either one of these diseases people are in pain they don't wanna think they just want to liveand to live you need to know what to eat its the food they sell to us i have a method that worked for type 2 diabetes, if you want i can share it with you. i used to eat huge amount of sugar. loved anything sweet, chocolates, biscuits, cakes etc. few weeks ago i managed to break the cycle and stopped eating sweet snacks, however i still eat some carbohydrates like potato, rice and brown bread. the biggest result for me was my ocd and social anxiety decreased. it didn't disappear completely, mind i made a change in my diet only three weeks ago, but now i feel much better and hopefully in the future i will be completely anxiety free. obesity is not a disease.... why do doctors lie except to have insurance pay for the treatment,... so sad.... she doesn't say how the insulin resistance came up in the first place. bravo sarah! you speak the truth!!! want to know all the details? watch dr berg videos. he is a chiropractor not a nutritionist. best explanation you can find in youtube, one of the best in this topics 'people love to hear good news about their bad habits'. i can not get my numbers down even eating low carb.. i am not heavy 120 5ft 3inch. numbers in200 to300 range what am i doing wrong??? wow.. i want to be an obesity doctor now. this was an awesome presentation. probably my fave. i hope she has more videos on youtube. i can definitely add her to my faves of dr berg dr axe dr ken berry and thomas delauer fantastic talk! a diabetic patient needs carbohydrates just like every other person. carbohydrates are the only source of energy that are available immediately, especially for the brain and the muscular system. the truth is that diabetic patients should only use complex carbohydrates from natural sources, like potatoes, wild rice, rye or spelt. those carbohydrates will be absorbed slowly and will not increase blood sugar and insulin levels of a diabetes type 2 patient fast. what has to be strictly avoided is any kind of sugar and oat and wheat. those carbohydrates do not comply with a diabetes type 2 diet. a strict carbohydrate restriction can not be tolerated for longer periods of rime by most people and causes exteme fatigue, headaches and muscular weakness. adaptive reactions of lipolysis and gluconeogenesis are very slow metabolic reactions which take usuallly a long fasting period to set in or are even inhibited by the use of insuline or certain oral antidiabetics. word to the wise: if it sounds too good to be true... it probably is. so many of you want to have your cake and eat it too. if you don't understand what i mean-- you want to believe you can eat bad things (keto diet) and be healthy for it. you are inclined to believe it because you want to. why do you think the weight-loss industry is so huge? people want to buy their health, they don't want to invest the effort into real learning. show me what scientific, peer-reviewed studies you've read or have bookmarked proving, with statistically and/or clinically significant data, that a ketogenic diet is without harmful effects. put your money where your mouth is. how to stop using insuline ? how did u stop using insulin ?immediately or with process? stopping using insulin immediatly doesnt have side effect? she didn't say to stop insulin immediately! as you start to follow a low carb diet, your need for insulin will decrease. if you are checking your blood sugar regularly you will be able to take less and less of it. it will be a process over time. i don't think anyone should just start taking control like that unless they are very well read on what they're doing. and fact of the matter is... most people are too simple-minded to understand basic things about their bodies. sounds very much like the adkins diet to me. she is brilliant!! what courage. can you post a meal plan for a day for the average person? i wonder how many lives she has saved, directly and indirectly, since this video was published. interesting remember this, \" there is no profit in healthy people\" if you do remember this you will know what drives our health care system.... thanks doctor i am diabetic person last 25 years and this the best advice i ever had and i feel better from the day i watched this video , thanks again doctor , . joracer1: yes, my philosophy exactly, you don't make money off of well people. please share that thought with as many as possible.\nnot just diabetes, all illnesses.\nthank you so very much. joracer1 6 joracer1 a sad truth... ugh eat good carbs/low carbs- get rid of the other carbs!!!! this will bring % carbs down to low % of total food intake. then use unlimited organic vegetables, fruits and paleo diet/keto diet. with low carbs,...add constant exercise. metabolism will go up.. your weight becomes in line with your height. add natural supplements customized to your health concerns. throw your tv and sofa away!!!! get outdoors and move your body constantly. eliminate all diabetic powerful drugs with bad side effects!!!!!!!!!!! watch and listen to diabetics who beat the pharmas and the drs who peddle powerful drugs!!!!!!!!!!!!! good fats/fatty acids are necessary for diabetic diet. got it??? dont forget green tea lots of it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! vegan diet cures diabetes you stupids!!!! loooooool omg you meat eaters are dying like flies lots of diabetes and dont see this! loool it wasn't until i did an extreme diet (and it's hard) and things to regulate my hormones that i got rid of my pcos and diabetes. it's not cured... it can never be cured if i slip up one day... sometimes i just wanna eat a damn ice cream cone during the summer like any normal person but i cant . also i'm 125 pounds and yes i have pcos... yes i have diabetes. get a keto ice cream cone. thank you doctor i feel better about the whole chicken i ate while listening to you. very good presentation. and true...! a very good documentary to watch is called \"fed up\" to get a taste of how/why the \"guidelines\" are set and why t2d is on the rise. it is a few years old, but the info and intention explains why it is up to us individually to take an active/intelligent role in our own health and must ignore the guidelines. agreed. that's a great documentary. most of what this lady is saying is wrong! the more protein should you consume the more insulin resistance you will develop. insulin resistance is a symptom of a prolonged hdl cholesterol problem. overtime the hdl blocks the insulin receptors in cells so the body produces more insulin. many patients do exactly as their physician recommends and the problem just becomes worse over time. in most cases a 6-week vegan diet will correct the insulin resistance. \"stop using medicine to treat food.\" mic drop. just eat once a day. statins are w huge part of the problem ... they cause many people to become type 2 diabetic ... true what amount of protein take a blood test first and consult a doctor who has keto diet expertise, and then take the diet customized to your body condition the last reason she gave is the only reason really why is it called cured??? if i eat poison and when i stop eating it am i cured?? doing very low carbs. when i stop my insulin my sugar goes over 260.\nwhat can i do? what has changed in the last 12 months? lower numbers now? so essentially, she said ( without saying it) the ada guidelines are purposefully errant in order to keep us sick and make us sicker. this is why we'll be dependent on medicines and continue to make big pharm rich. @kingsdaughter1958 oh no! not the raisins!!! those are my faves! autoimmune issues are no joke either. my wife deals with that on a greater degree and it sucks. let's see how this works!! praying for you! @nathan hall - gadgets & greatness i also have a rather rare (and for me, a minor case) autoimmune disease that is very much affected by even complex carbs: i have found that raisins and prunes and other dried fruits are no-no's unless i want to experience an outbreak, and i have a feeling all this is also tied in to my insulin resistance. what a blessing if this approach can calm both the onset of diabetes and help me find an answer to my other disease. it's certainly worth the effort! @kingsdaughter1958 i'm a type 2 diabetic and my a1c is creeping up as well. i've been following the recommended diet for years, met with dietitians galore, and they've all supported carbs in my daily diet regimen. im gonna try this too. discipline will be key, as you alluded too! good luck! let me know how you fare! i'm not 100% certain that big pharma wants to keep us sick - there will always be diseases to be treated. but especially in a nation that has gotten obese from fast-foods that are high-carb, meds are a so-called \"quick fix.\" we are an undisciplined people who want immediate results. as for me, with my a1c creeping up 0.1 every year and approaching 7.0, i'm going to try this for 3 months before my next blood labs are drawn and see if it makes a difference. what can it hurt? \"whole grain\" bread == white bread dyed brown with a few wheat grains thrown in. that was excellent!! i live in orlando. and every six month, the are building a new stand alone emergency room and new hospital every two years. yes, the medical field depends on sick people. now, it's up to us to take care of ourselves and stop being treated like ginny pigs or some item for sale. when she speaks of cutting out carbs, she's not referring to fruits and veggies is she? for a fact. control the food intake. avoid processed foods, something that's difficult for western, particularly american population, and the difference is easily visible. if can add some cardio workout (even it be a 30 minute brisk walk 4 times a week), the results will show. just have to try it out. nothing to lose, and its only healthy to be eating natural, fresh foods, and walk around the block. so you're saying the human body doesn't need plenty of fiber? are you kidding me? what about gut health? what about digestion? the true healers of type 2 diabetes are mds with deep nutritional training who prescribe a whole food, plant based diet....evidence based and scientifically proven. and why didn't you address why insulin is unable to unlock the cells for glucose to enter in the first place? it's internal cellular health. this speech is downright negligent. my father is in the hospital in nova scotia canada, the diabetic diet here is mostly all carbs. they don't understand why his sugars are so high. at home we eat mostly paleo and he's been fine! dad was told by the diabetic nurse that he was skinny and she made the suggestion that i was starving him. he's 5'9 and weighs 170 lbs. @edward schwenk thank you edward based on an online bmi calculator with the height and weight you wrote above, his bmi is 25.1 the best summation i've heard yet. so, what do we eat? wfpb diet. thanks for your useful information. i also want to share with people easy ways to reverse type 2 diabetes naturally. the american diabetes association recommends that you continue to eat carbs because it is a mouthpiece created by & for big pharma. they certainly dont want you to stop needing their drugs. i believe overdosing on carbohydrates is at the root of most disease in humans. yes; it's known that sugar \"feeds\" cancers obesity is not a disease! i this video saved my life. my a1c went from 9.5 to 6.4 in 2 months. i'm down 23lbs i hope in 3 months when i go back to my doctor i'm off all my medications. they took me off my glipidize already. metformin is next. keto is the cure people. congratulations mike! how is everything recently? still on keto? any concern of keto (forever/long term)? thanks and best wishes! @valerie thomas keto is \"the cure.\" what is keto? her advice is 100% against the recommendations of dr. mcdougall. humans are genetically designed to eat starch. the longest lived human populations get the majority or their calories from starch. i think 115 million more people need to watch this video. i knew that it really works! but it has one fault that fasting glucose could rise a bit because we need to take more proteins and fats, which takes more time to be processed in blood. it would be better to have light dinner with vegetables and a small amount of carbs to avoid this. \"stop using medicine to treat food.\" wow. @knowingthereismore knowledgetowisdom the point went completely above your head. they were quoting the talk and you are arguing against something you think it means rather than what it actually means. the meaning is to not use medication to treat people when the problem is the diet, change the diet. cheers for the video content! excuse me for chiming in, i would love your initial thoughts. have you ever tried - loowarn inconceivable desire (do a search on google)? it is a great one off guide for getting rid of diabetes type 2 minus the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my old buddy taylor at very last got astronomical success with it. \"\" .... --. cant take your voice, ug exploring \"vnj fivu\" (google it) will help you to recover from diabetic issues and have a healthy lifestyle. for a time frame of 1 months, my hubby has been an enthusiastic follower of the program. he has been dependent to insulin for five years in his six year long struggle against type two diabetes. given that reading through this program and sticking to the program he's eating better everyday & everyday... \"let food be your medicine\"- hypocrites. if you can eat yourself into type ii you can eat yourself out of it. kevin reece\nhippocrates. hypocrites is an insult. all diabetes can be reversed and she doesn't even get into that. she is a waste of time. tus videos son increbles y son los mejores amo tus videos son grandiosos this information needs to be broadcast to the world!!! i have been keto and low carb for 9 months, i am 128 pounds and lift weights everyday. never felt better rule#1 dont trust your government or authoritative agencies (who, cdc etc)\nrule#2 move to europe or somewhere they dont modify as much food...\nrule#3 watch more of these videos and dr rhonda and peter attia also. since they are dr's that are uncovering the b.s. through their own research instead of listening to these agencies\n:) :) europe is more into who etc., than the u.s. :( this \"vnj fivu\" (google it) is the most smart as well as easy to understand plan for overall health and curing diabetes. aside from being simple to follow, this diet as well as life style transformation will not stress you about carb or calorie tracking! after moving to a more healthy and greener way of life, i didn't simply slim down but also i'm also freed from diabetes and high blood pressure! it is correct that you truly could change diabetes... dear sarah,\nhow about oats excellent presentation. very much to the point. a whole-foods, plant-based diet is the only valid, proven way to reverse type 2 diabetes with no long term health risks. a mixture of great information mixed with erroneous information. we have no long term studies to support the sustainable diet she prescribed. stop carbs duh! this the best talk and every word is ture i don't trust anyone who uses the word \"literally\" incorrectly, or people who wear bright blue pants yet you trust government and medical industries that recommend over 20g of sugar everyday whilst saying carbohydrates is essential to us? you're an actual clown, get out of here. fresh fruit is my weakness. i know they're a source of sugars/carbs, so where do they fall in the no sugar/low carb recommendation? i think fruits are ok. as long as you don't add in any other carbs like grains or bread or sugary goods like candy and cake. great talk -terrible trousers! aww dont hate the messenger. shes looks fine. does the trouser negates her talk? stopping use medicine to treat food ^_^ my girlfriend was just diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. i suggested she get tested after i noticed several symptoms. she was told her levels were 13.5/436\nif anyone can educate me. she knows her family had a history, but she was a foster kid so she has no idea what to do or where to start and neither do i.\nthanks in advance for any suggestions and information. check out \"insulin resistant diet\" for additional information. diabetes 2 cannot be reverted. it can be better controlled, you can lose weight, exercise, eat healthier and therefore you improve insulin sensitivity. once doctor gives you diagnosis of dm2, it will stay there forever, even if you have good control of dm2, you can have complications in the long run, becouse it is inflamatory and catabolic disease. i've seen extremely obese people with relatively good hba1c levels and also slightly overweight person having extremely high hyperglycemias, so it's largely genetic as well.\nif you have dm2 and you start eating lots of sugar and other junk, gain weight your blood sugars will rise to unhealthy range again. this does not happen with normal person with working pancreas and insulin sensitivity, so it's a disease that cannot be reverted, just better controlled which will cause less secondary diseases in the long run. you can eat walnuts or pecans without making your insulin move. just fyi. marlene yes that's why i rate nuts highly, also avos and eggs (low enough). makes 70% of my diet. amen!!! to this info. so plant based diet people should all be diabetic basically? i learn true knowledge about carbohydrate toxicity i am diabetic and eat plenty of carbs and i'm healthy. of course, i also eat tons of whole plant foods. but i don't reduce my intake of fruits and whole grains. you don't need animal fats either. in fact they're what's causing most of the cancers and disease. i only consume plant fats. this doctor has things all screwed up. you put all type 2 diabetics on a whole food plant based diet and not only will their diabetes be controlled but other diseases will be prevented as well. i learned \"vnj fivu\" (google it) from my good friend and read it to shed weight and heal my diabetes. i'd been following a rigid fitness and also diet program. right after one day on the diet plan my own blood glucose levels was decrease about 35 points, and by day four it was lower about 60 points. that worked very well, having said that, and that i felt great. i'm so pleased which i was able to normalize my blood sugar.. i am wondering why they didn't remove this kickass video.. @jean dillon powerful interests against cheap long term solutions... who is \"they\"? probably because there are many books out there that offer the same sort of advice about reversing diabetes. it gets harder to justify stifling information when it's available in so many forms. also i think the medical profession is catching up on the fact that their advice has been incorrect for a long time. all the docs who speak up seem to disappear.... ty 4 this she hit the nail on the head, she basically said money and population control without outright saying it. what about red meat/protein, she did not mention it. i had to cut my carbs as i am t2 , but in stuck with my steak a couple times a week. i wish she had outlined more complete menu. steak anyone? or not. i can agree with this woman even though she is mildly annoying so no one in china has this hormonal disease? i love healthy food but it all just goes bad and i don't know what to make and i'm always gone so i just eat fast food because i'm like totally starving ! ugh! how do you know if you are insulin resistant though? i always have good blood sugar levels even after eating. but i can't seem to lose weight. when i exercise i gain weight, when i diet, i gain weight. im also still breastfeeding take a homa-ir blood test. eli lilly and nova nordisk surprisingly haven't banned this talk yet!!! very bad for their business!! big pharma and the usdoa/sugar industry are close buddies!! great talk, thank you, i reversed my type two diabetes by cutting carbohydrates and yoga exercise, from 340 fbs to 95 @alexander hamilton you may have, i don't and now you have heart disease. good work if anyone interested in this topic may be want look halki diabetes remedy - simple 60 sec habit to reverse type 2 diabetes! in my channel thanks. i'm about to be a registered dietitian... the diabetes guidelines are a joke to be honest. the ada recognizes a version of a keto diet for diabetes... wonder why.\nalso... you do need some carbs. she isn't correct to say you need 0. what are the essential carbohydrates then? that is what she said \"zero\" to. she said there are zero essential carbohydrates. not that a person needed to eat zero carbohydrates. bustard races of pharma are purposely keeping people sick i see her attacking diabetes from the other end of the spectrum from mcdougall, campbell, esselstyn but those guys avoid fats and oils. i'd wonder what her patients arteries look like ? tmao is a huge link in that if it's not present your cholesterol doesn't stick to you arteries. i cant believe in the long run high fats won't come back to haunt you. esselstyn etc have people completely off insulin with type2 diabetes and drops type1 from 160 units of 40 units daily. you're cra cra. all these years we've been hoodwinked. i recently visit a diabetic doctor and she suggested i take 4 insulin shots per day, and 500 milligrams of mediform and take this for 6 weeks and they can then control my sugar. i'm so confused how you go from health to being to this sick. please advise me lots of truth here. weston price found out about this and more long long ago.... eighteen minutes and eleven seconds and my life is going to be forever changed. thank you dr. hallberg! not only an amazing dr. but an excellent speaker!! try l\"arabinose, a sugar/sucrose inhibitor. ebay has sellers, except there is one that has their product\n3rd party lab tested and gov't links to prove there is no disinformation involved. check it out. m alann, have you had a good year trying keto eating? we're all waiting to find out - if you haven't, do it randy lin, 7 or 70 mg/dl? also, steak forever! (also, fish is awesome!) this doesn't just work for t2. i'm t1, started low carb right out of the hospital after reading book by dr. richard k bernstein, pioneer of low carb, (if he's still around, then he is one of the only t1s in his 90s). currently 4.8 a1c, staying between 70-100 with the occasional 120 or 60 (by occasional, mean almost all the time. i am 72 and on a keto/carnivore diet. i have lost 60 lbs in 4 months... blood sugars down from 136 to 7... never felt better in my life. i eat grass-fed fatty beef mostly.. and organic salad type veggies, meats and dairy and sardines or wild-caught fish. my chol is fine and everything else is good. oh.. and never hungry and zero cravings. :) i'm curious too. have you tried this yet? everything she says is probably true but for whatever reason everytime i go keto i get terrible gastritis that lasts for months. this is great information....hope! wow carbs are cheap. poverty contributes to diabetes as well. we should outlaw high fructose corn syrup like other countries. that is the culprit. absolutely! the formula to fitness is inversely related to your proximity to a dollar general. yeah, but you will eat less. add in intermittent fasting if it's possible. no snacks in between the meals. she herself says it: you spend 2000$ less every year for medication - so something 150-200$ more every month for high quality food. i live in germany and i started to buy this things like coconut flour. first i thought, it is much more expensive. but it's not. it's worth your health und you don't need as much food as you think. start tracking your calorie intake. then small changes you really want to make. you need to change your lifestyle, prepare your meals all by yourself. shirt on time? meal prepping is the way to go. if you want a change, you will achieve it. otherwise you'll spend more time to search for an excuse. not all carbs are bad japanese eat much carbs than average american but still they are metabolicaly healthy problem lies with refined grain and low fiber carbs,fast food all natural carbs like fresh vegetables,leafy greens, fruits,resistant starch like rice is healthy what the health! sounds like substituting carbs in one's diet with trans fats is a good idea. so long, veggies. hello, stick margarine. @david oickle she made no distinction between various types of fats. algo she didn't say \"trans\" fats. hey.. don't you just love this lady..?!\ni know i do.. no, i dont. there is another way to look at it. glucose molecules enter the cell when they are allowed\nthe glucose receptor needs a chromium molecule or it doesn't work well. you need trace minerals in your cells but the soil has been depleted of minerals for years. wow, what an excellent video. it seems as though big pharma wants us to remain dependent on their drugs. i'm so glad i have adopted this locarb lifestyle.\nin 63 days i've lost 36 lbs. and my glucose went from the low 300s to the high 90s and low 100s. i no longer take insulin. what have i done to get where i'm at:\n1. intermittent fasting (look up dr jason fung)\n2. i walk every day. i'm up to 7 miles per day now.\n3. restriction of carbs. (very, very little refined sugars or processed foods)\nthis lifestyle is very doable and the results will excite you to your very core. change is never easy, and the first step is that we have to accomplish is to forget everything that we have been told about food and how we metabolize. this tedx talk is the road map to nutritional success!\nwe can still have that occasional piece of cake or other processed pos food, but to focus on something that is poison to us seems silly. there are so many nutritionally good foods out there, it's dysfunctional to crave poorly nutritional food items. what do i mean? i'm italian and i love my pizza and pasta dishes. the constant consumption of these favorite foods of mine is no doubt why i'm insulin resistant today. i can't envision myself ever eating as i have in the past. it's too harmful to my health and i feel so much better now. better mentally, physically, and emotionally. this is just the tip of the iceberg for me, as i have just started my new food regiment.\nknowledge is power and my newly acquired insights concerning how the food we eat metabolizes in our bodies, has usurped my desire to eat poorly. i'm 59 years old and i now have a new found energy that is motivating me to beat type ii diabetes. every video contradicts the next one... :-/ what should we eat then? so confused right now so yesterday i was told that i am basically pre diabetic and i am only 17, i weigh 144-145 lbs and she said i don't need to lose weight but i think i do because boy i am jiggly. she said that it wasn't my fault but i was insulin resistant and i should just do exercise and if that doesn't work then they would put me on metmorphine (i don't know if i spelled that right). she also told me to cut juices and sodas but she didn't say anything else. you're rocking that outfit and i'm loving the blues! pants were not right. who are the idiots who disliked knowledge\nthanks for doing this video i went off carbs completely for about 7 months and dropped my a1c from a 9.5 to 6.2. and lost 25 lbs and started working out a little. i noticed that i had that sensation that you get if you drive 8 hours in a car non stop to take your kids to disneyland lol... light headed car buzz is what i call it. i had it all the time and was told that when you quit all carbs your brain needs some carbs for fuel and that without carbs your head can get fuzzy... dont know if it's true but i introduced some carbs back into my diet and it helped the buzz feeling to go away. unfortunately my wife soon after had two brain aneurysms and had two brain surgeries and recovered completely a few months ago but while i was taking care of my two daughters and my wife was laid up in icu at the hospital i went back to eating what was available i.e. fast food etc. was completely stressed out... worried about her and the kids and the ridiculous co pays etc...so numbers are back to a1c 9.8.... sorry just felt like randomly sharing. trying to get going again but find myself loosing my zest for life to get back on the tred mill... thanks for reading...blessings to you and yours @brian gilbert thank you brian.... you made my week by your kind comment. we are hanging in there...blessings to you and yours @scottiemon i'm seeing this about a year after you wrote this, but i pray that things are better for you, your wife and your daughters! sorry i read this after i posted it and the end sounded a little suicidal and i am not... sorry dont want to alarm anyone...just bummed out...thanks wow! i was waiting a long time for someone to speak up about the lies that we are always being fed by the mainstream healthcare professionals. carbs must go! an older woman in her 80's told me that the saying regarding blood sugar used to be number 9 doing fine, number 8 doing great. it's the big pharma companies that lowered the numbers to the point that 50% of people are on drugs. and now we all have fatty liver disease or nash i wish they'd stop adding sugar to everything. when i was on atkins in 1997/98 i could find sugar free beef jerky everywhere (my desert) now i have to make my own. aoc wants us to get rid of cows! i met a airline pilot who was very lean and was on atkins like i was and i asked him why...he told me it's because no more sugar rush and crash he could sleep when he wanted and be awake when he wanted and he felt great like both my wife and me. insulin makes us hungry + insulin stores ~ and if not getting nutrient or too much then makes more insulin ?\nmaybe body trying to make compensation for something - both maybe for lack and too much of; at the same time possibly?\nassuming her knowledge or understanding correct in the first place\nalmost think there be other things insulin that it would partner with curious what they would be. keto is the way!! this works. ive done it. its hard to start but once you are in, it gets much easier. sugar is addictive! @cinnamon girl absolutely, and 'ready meals' are full of sugar & salt to give the taste because they're mostly cheap ingredients that have little taste. like mcdonald's burgers, they're designed not to fill you up so you always crave more. @gentleearthwoman1 that's because it has high levels of arsenic in it. i know, i love fresh fruit so much. i have to watch my tomato consumption, as well. @shenazafreen white rice is called \"white death\". it is a killer. @4 fake , potatoes are addictive, rice is addictive, pure sugar is highly addictive. this is why you find sugar in all proceeds food. read labels you ll see. they know it that s why they use it. the consumer without knowing this ask for sweetened food. if something is not sweetened, that thing wont sell as good as their competition. for instance, even hot dogs, sausages, breaded fish, potato chips would contain sugar. it might be dextrose, glucose, corn syrup, fructose, all name finishing by \"ose\" and /or all of them. this is one of the reason it is addictive like a hard drug. even if you are careful, it is hard to escape sugar especially if not enough aware. is there a list of citations for the research she talks about in the presentation? what if you dont have a gallbladder? excellent wow! that was a great video! so much important info that most of dont know! ty so much! hi if youre reading this, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things okay but well said thanks so much for sharing this information i lost 30 lbs drinking whole milk too many doctors treat disease as a medicine deficiency instead of trying to get to the root cause of the illness. this is encouraged by the pharmaceutical companies. she is amazing!\ni totally agree! how many years of education and pronounces 'especially as 'expeshully' where did the street come from? keto people it will cure a lot of diseases 120 million with diabetes in america? wow. that's why pharmaceuticals and the medical field are making billions. i don't trust either. what they need to do is get a conscience. benh tieu uong \"stop using medicine to treat food!\" it's a difficult concept to swallow (no pun intended) possibly because of the gripping hold the addictive carbohydrates have on our society. great line, \"diabetes at it's root is a state of carbohydrate toxicity\". so true @roberto filipe you're a pescatarian, then, not a vegan or vegetarian. @marcus smart you need to try it. i eat fish, sometimes. i have liver problems. i was really bad some years ago. this diet helped me. i also eat almost 0 processed food. only some cerials sometimes and some bread. not much. almost just potatoes and fruit like 80% potatoes and bananas. rest some mangos nuts seeds @roberto filipe my grandparents were vegetarian from 82 to 91 my grandma was a marine and my grandad was in the air force. they were both in great physical health. just not much there. im sharing this because knowledge of all kinds is beneficial. excellent you found something that helped you, outstanding!! i know native tribes hunt for meat because they not only crave it, but nutritionaly can not due without it. @marcus smart i am 29 @roberto filipe are you 65 to 75 years old? absolutely love this woman and her message, and \"don't be fooled; there's a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick\" (17:21) is an amazing quote. really mentally reviewing my own diet and realizing that carbs (most of them refined) make up about 50% of it. looks like i have some work to do. i don't have diabetes, and my blood sugar levels are always picture perfect (despite being obese), but eating refined carbs in such quantities isn't good for anyone. and i want to keep those blood sugar levels perfect. what is the role of inflammation in insulin resistance? lol taking this videos i got a diabetes pub - contour diabetes... oh money money.... what about this meta-analysis performed by the european society of cardiology?\n\"...a meta-analysis of seven prospective cohort studies with 447,506 participants and an average follow-up 15.6 years...found 15%, 13%, and 8% increased risks in total, cardiovascular, and cancer mortality with low (compared to high) carbohydrate diets.\nprofessor banach said: 'low carbohydrate diets might be useful in the short term to lose weight, lower blood pressure, and improve blood glucose control, but our study suggests that in the long-term they are linked with an increased risk of death from any cause, and deaths due to cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, and cancer.'\" and another meta-study from the lancet public health journal in 2018:\n\"the observational study of more than 15,400 people from the atherosclerosis risk in communities study (aric) in the usa found that diets both low (< 40% energy) and high (>70% energy) in carbohydrates were linked with an increase in mortality, while moderate consumers of carbohydrates (50-55% of energy) had the lowest risk of mortality.\nthe primary findings, confirmed in a meta-analysis of studies on carbohydrate intake including more than 432,000 people from over 20 countries, also suggest that not all low-carbohydrate diets appear equal -- eating more animal-based proteins and fats from foods like beef, lamb, pork, chicken and cheese instead of carbohydrate was associated with a greater risk of mortality. alternatively, eating more plant-based proteins and fats from foods such as vegetables, legumes, and nuts was linked to lower mortality.\" the problem is the modern day wheat. a lot of people cannot break down those. they are toxic to most people who have high blood pressure and diabetes. stop eating them and you will see your health improve dramatically. we dig our graves with our mouth........ carbs deal with them very nice info, also look for dr, neal barnard's work on diabetes, interesting! thank you who's paying you the dairy industry or the meat industry?! are you suggesting a high-carb, high-sugar diet.\ni'm smelling a vegan. finally someone who tells the truth! but you also need to add in exercise if she didn't already say that i've been saying this for decades... stopped taking my type 2 meds...stopped having low blood sugar diet and exercise. just solved diabetes bla bla, of course lower carb diet is the answer. life style and budget is the answer is the real answer. do you think that increasing healthy fats and reducing refined carbs would not do the trick? is it not the over consumption of refined carbs, and lack of healthy fats that are the issue in the modern diet? i've done that and noticed the weight finally moving off. i cut out refined carbs completely. though i still eat a fairly significant percentage of carbs all of which are of the complex variety. and significantly upped healthy fats.\nif i'm honest my own personal view is that's the key to the success of the keto diet. the ketosis and all that is just nonsense, in my view. you are what you eat dr. you are responsible for what you eat. just make whole grain barley bread. good for longlasting energy but low g.i. ! (1-3 slices daily it still has a lot of calories) and eat a lot of raw vegetables that have fiber (fiber is a carb that slows other carbs from entering the blood too fast). so if i eat a salad with vegetables and a tomato with 2 slices of barley bread i eat 95% carb and the blood sugar does not skyrocket ! finaly make your own bread cuz if you dont it would probably contain added sugar ! sarah hallberg discusses insulin resistance at the start of her talk, and how this forces the body to produce more and more insulin, until it can't keep up any longer. and at around 3:45 we hear \"but what if we traced this problem back to the beginning? \" great ... but then we hear hear \"... and we didn't have so much glucose around?\" wait ... what happened to insulin resistance? this is like a cardiologist talking about a patient's chest pain when he climbs stairs and saying \"let's trace this problem back to the beginning ... what if we didn't have so many stairs around?\" -- when the real problem is blocked coronary arteries. we need to hear where the insulin resistance comes from and how to take care of that root problem. i'm not a doctor, but logic at least suggests that we can't really cure chest pain by doing away with stairs, and we can't deal with high glucose levels if we don't deal with the reason the cells aren't taking in glucose they way they're meant to. in japan a sighting of an obese person usually means you have spotted a western tourist in tokyo. and the japanese eat a lot of carbohydrates (rice) and they don't all have out-of-control diabetes. i'm not a doctor, but i don't think the carbohydrates are the underlying root problem in diabetes (type 2, at least). if you have a thyroid that does not work very good as i do, many things will be screwed up in your body and i work out 3 times a week.... skyrocket intensifies keto fasting video support video - i have seen this many times while i keto fast. this provides me support in the moment of need. thank you. one more soul saved. i was dying when i saw this talk. i have been born again without pills and insulin. zero clean.\ntake that big pharma zero $$ spent! got ya. worked for me. i am very much alive. for a lot of people it is like, \"i never heard anything like this.\" but i have, once. from dr. robert lustig, a pediatric endocrinologist. have the two of you met? can you support one another's work? you both sound kind of lonely. in his clinic he teaches the parents of his patients to cook from scratch and within their budgets. thanks. so true!!!! 'there is a lot of money to be made by keeping you sick'. thank you!!! first line, \"i have the best job in the world.\" man i hate the ted talk format. cut the ego stroking and just get to the facts then kindly pat yourself on the back and go. eat less times, low carbs, no sugar, do intermittent fasting, stop taking diabetes meds, that's how i reversed my diabetes \"obesity is a disease....\" = ignore everything else that follows. what i have come to believe is that eating carbs is ok as long as they are in their natural form i.e. fruits and vegetables.\nthe problem lies with processed carbs.\ni'm 32, obese, addicted to carbs & sugars, and also have a family history of diabetes.\ncurrently i'm on a ketogenic diet and plan to do it for around 45 days. post that i'd consider moving to a diet where i eat only once or max twice a day with fats and proteins making the bunch of my meal, and also eating fruits, vegetables alongside.\nif we prevent snacking throughout the day and eliminate processed carbs, exercise daily, our health will be much better. over 5500 dumbasses have disliked this video.. i bet they all are from the pharmaceutical companies and processed food industry.. the dislikers are likers of authoritarianism, which demands that the populace be kept crippled, sick, and unable to impose its will. @bruce devaux read more and use logic and critical thinking. there is a lot of money at stakes, this is why you see contradicting information. name calling and finger pointing doesnt help @aztec spartan every study that has been done on this compared it to the sad, not keto. more likely desperate twinkaholics that can't stand the thought of giving up cake. low carb diet puts u in remission from diabetes? i'm guessing that all the 'thumbs downs' are being hit by pharmaceutical shills.. and people that are so brainwashed they can't believe, like a few that i've met and think i'm lying about how i reversed my diabetes with fasting and omad a low carb diet what about body builders. they need carbs and lots of it right??? pas de tout, jean-philippe; they do well on fats: ils marchent tres bien!! but if you were able to listen to all of sarah's talk, you would have cottoned on that it was nothing to do with body-builders; it was about overweight folks, who have t2 diabetes. they do very, very well on low-carb my boy friend has type 2 and he legs and feet hurt him a lot. is this blood vessel damage or is this nerve damage? also, can he reverse this with a lifestyle change? look up dr ken berry, dr jason fung and dr mercola, you'll get a deeper understanding about type 2 diabetes and how to adjust his diet. yes it can be reversed, check the youtube channel of dr. eric berg he is fantastic and his videos will help you out it's both, blood vessels get damaged so less oxigen and vitamin b complex get into the nerves wonderful! fantastic. she's wonderful! :) minerals chromium and vanadium...they cure diabetes. why doesn't she mention that. i reversed my blood sugars from 400 to 75 and my a1c from 14 to 4.5 in less then 6 months . on no medication j t i don't count calories but i try to stay on a semi keto diet and just eat till i'm full. i'm still on a one meal a day j liz if you don't mind me asking, how many calories do you consume in that one meal? or an example of it. thanks! @j liz that is amazing. i, too, am a type 2 diabetic, and i want to reverse it. i have drastically cut down on my sugars, and i want to start fasting, doing omad (one meal a day). i believe i can do it. imran i stopped eating sugar pasta pizza fried food and started one good meal a day . i weighed 260 now i maintain a weight around 170 and i started working out in the gym what did you do? super like! did she show why so many of us are insulin resistant? what if we fixed that problem with our diet? @marty garrison look at the people around you. visual evidence speaks volumes, better yet meet somebody with these conditions, and observe their habits. conventional dietary practices failed me. studies you allude to misled me and my fellow sufferers. 'experts' lie all the time. experience, trial and error, and recording outcomes works better. i'm learning about this. can you point me to some scientific documents? marty garrison so many of us are insulin resistant because we've overworked our pancreas by scoffing carbs. the entire food industry needs to change but sadly it won't. stop blaming the food industry. you decide whether you want to eat that pop tart or not, not the pop tart makers. their job is to advertise their product to you and put it on the shelf, but in the end, it's your job to tell \"no\" to your brain. once enough people will be sick, it will drastically change, insulin resistance/food intolerances is fueling the gluten/ everything free businesses the diabetes industry is worth billions of course the food industry won't change. we have to be the ones who do the changing. it's all about educating yourself about nutrition. of course, there are those who don't care what's bad for them or not, so they will eat whatever they want to. they'll probably die young, but i won't shed a tear. she says no potatoes however, is sweet potatoes ok or butternut squash. i'm 64yrs, 5'9\" 195 and on 2000 mg metformin a day. tried keto style eating, dropped dairy, for 30 days. after about 10 days no metformin was needed. my concern is, what is it doing to my cholesterol. but, i really like steak, grass fed mmmmm. isn't flax seed flour toxic? summer rain no..? hi how is everyone doing today i hope you have a great day and week the atkins diet! thank you for being so honest as many doctors would never would never morally share this valuable information may yahuah continue to bless you and your family. need list of low carb food to eat and carbs u can eat and what fats do we need to eat amen! then why do some people want to go vegan for health reasons? i well jl: vegan folks often believe things very strongly: so they believe it is really good: keto folks are fine with that: we all agree: ditch the carbs leads to better health for many, many folks. and here we have...a real doctor! you can tell how passionate she is about her work! @agi agi agi sure. obesity is from breathing in too much food. it has nothing to do with gluttony - sarcasm @herb bowler no, no, no. she's right almost 100% obesity is not disease. it is a symptom of tragic metabolism of horrible food. the rest? she's nailed it you are very misinformed about human biology. nonsens mr. bowler. get some excercise so the muscles can use more glucose a lack of excersise is the biggest factor causeing diebetes. being a doctor you are very miss guided about diet. we do neeb carbs to control blood sugar in healthly manner. avoid all proccessed carbs and eat whats natural why do the all the doctors say to treat diabetics or reverse is to lose weight!i am thin why do i have diabetes! i am so tired of all of this! subscribe to my channel! i'll be posting funny and educational videos on diabetes! diabetes is carbohydrate toxicity!!! well said! yeah. she hit the nail on the head when she said that. chinese food is my weakness over 50% of americans are diabetic or pre-diabetic??!! better get on that clean keto diet asap dr. atkins had heart disease. why has she lost so much weight? i had diabetes for 22 yrs (most of that time i didn't know) and when i realised and got really sick from it i promised myself to never ever go to a doctor because both my parents just passed at a young age one after another after getting treated by a doctor doe diabetes\n. i knew i was a dead if i went to the doctor so i began removing foods one at a time for a week at a time. my sugar did not change until i removed a food that i was eating everyday and my glucose levels dropped from a 20 to a 3 in a span of 3 weeks. after that my fasting glucose levels were at a steady 3. my eyesight deteriorated until i couldn't see anymore even with glasses on along with my memory. without even realizing i quit drinking. my sugar moved up to a 5. today my glucose levels are slightly low and i drink energy drinks to keep my sugar up and my eyesight came back to almost perfect again. i am 54 yrs old now and run the 10k terry fox run (six years now) without even breaking a sweat. all my symptoms are gone. my blood pressure dropped to normal levels. my resting heart rate is a 50 bpm. i beat diabetes and low blood sugar and blindness by removing sodium nitrate out of my diet and am probably the only one on the earth that knows this. i treated the cause not the symptom. this is the first time i'm sharing this on the net and i hope i can prevent people from going through what i went through to beat this terrible disease. crazy contraptions - great post, thank you! peace. diabetes does not come from excessive sugar consumption like we are led to believe but is directly related to the amount of sodium nitrate a person consumes. if sodium nitrate was banned (like they tried to do in the 70s ) there would be alot of doctors out of work. the pancreas is a tiny elipse shaped organ that does alot more than we think. we know it controls glucose levels and when these fasting glucose levels move up from the normal 6 then we get nervous and the higher that number reaches the more nnnnervous we get. when we consume addicting substances such as cigarettes or booze the lower that number gets and the more euphoric we feel ( stoned or drunk). if a person is addicted to any substance then he has type 1 diabetes and when this person goes in for a glucose test it will read normal if he is not n n nervous while doing the test meaning he just smoked a cigarette or had a drink before the test lowering his sugar levels to normal. if the person didn't smoke or drink for awhile before the test then his glucose levels will read a higher number even if he has not eaten anything before the test and most people are then getting a false reading and this is what confuses everything leading to unnecessary treatments. another thing the pancreas controls is sleep ( i know because i couldn't sleep for 30 yrs ) theres a fine line near the number 6 and anything above a 7 or below a 5 will make you restless and the farther it moves from the 6 the harder it is to sleep. in all those years i couldn't sleep i took 2 sleeping pills and then began smoking weed. the weed was very effective in making me sleep with no side effects and today i sleep perfectly without anything to help me sleep anymore. the pancreas also controls blood pressure heart rate and breathing rate and when the sugar goes up then the others follow not the other way around. the pancreas controls your hunger and the higher it gets the more hungrier you are and if it gets really high then you are always hungry even after eating a meal. my appetite was ferocious for many years and now i have to remind myself to eat. pancreas also controls stamina. i played hockey for 23 years and never had any stamina until my 40s after my sugar had dropped. today at 54 i am able to run extreme long distances without even breathing hard or breaking a sweat. i couldn't run 10 kms in my teens or 20s or 30s. i had itchy feet for along time ( came really close to losing a foot) and my feet would hurt on bad days. the itch would never go away. i couldn't feel the bottom of my feet and now my feet are perfect again. addiction does not come from the brain like they tell us but it comes from an unhealthy pancreas. by removing sodium nitrate out of my diet drinking didn't feel good anymore because my glucose levels were very low and lowered even more by the alcohol leading to a dangerously low glucose level after drinking. so the easiest way to quit any addicting drug is to stop consuming sodium nitrate leading to a quitting of a drug without even trying. i know because that's how i quit drinking without even realizing it. it's been 3 yrs now without a drink and i dont miss it. theres alot of people with diabetes today and i hope i was able to help. fasting. eating constantly anything is bad, kind of like doing anything constantly as a organic beings are bad. am so happy today because i am free from diabetes disease. i have been having diabetes since the past one years now, and i have passed through many different processes in getting cured from the diseases of diabetes but nothing was working out. before i come across a comment about dr ehimare who sent me diabetes herbal remedy and my life get transformed\nand everything is fine and okay with me. till now i have been going to check up and it is now going to four months and i am still\nnegative...thanks to dr ehimare i will never stop telling the world about your good work..contact details email drehimareherbalhome522@gmail. com call or\nwhatsapp him on +2349027349748 the ristriction of salt in restaurants is laughable congress n our reps r idiots letting this go on. your fun i dont understand how much medicare pay for doctors 3 n 400 dls a visit like it was plastic surgery plus meds nice blue outfit doctors have no honor hurting the public they serve im ravaging hungry wth? i thought the chinese thing of over eating n later starving was just me omg no potatos - wait till you watch mc gdougall's all potato diet huge respect to this doc, she is telling the truth. thank you sarah hallberg. watching this lecture has convinced me to change my future and stop the sugar and excess carbs. good luck! you can do it ...one day at a time the food industry has been collaborating and conspiring with the military base and the private manufacturing industry for millenia to get the most aggression and the highest physical energy levels out of its population for the least cost......so we were told to love fatty diets.....now they need us to be hyper intelligent for applying high complex it tools and having an endless array of transportable skill sets......so consume sugar loaded foods that feed the brain!! this sounds so cool! i miss meat and co. but if carbs are the problem, why do the longest healthy living populations in the world, from five different blue zones get up to 85% of their calories from carbohydrates?\nthat is all based on the premise that 85% of calories are taken from carbs. i don't think that is true at all.\nit could also be that their food intake in general is low. if you eat 85% of calories from carbs, but you only eat 1500 calories, while doing lots of physical activity, it is hard to actually gain weight. lastly, if 85% of their food is plant based unprocessed stuff, most of the carbs are fibre, which means actual absorption of carbs is not as high as you think. a plant bay's high carb diet is the way to go it's the high amounts of meat that hurts you plant-based. spoiler alert;\n3:55mins; it's what you eat. carbs are causing the problem - carb toxicity. outstanding presentation! praise god!!! good information. little bit of drama in presentation is totally acceptable. call your health insurance and ask them if they cover dietary education? most wont.\ntoo much money in long term treatment with oral medications, insulin, dialysis, kidney transplants, amputations, and the recent trend of bariatric surgery. she's flabby and a bit overweight. hmmm... brilliant you want to improve your health, aronia berries or aronia berry wine, it will make your a1c go down , she does a lot of talking and really doesn't say much in my view, the reason that type 2 diabetes is so reversible is that it is so improperly and incorrectly diagnosed. i had two straight blood tests that were pre-diabetic, the latter being more pre-diabetic, despite losing 15kg (over 10% of my weight). i then bought a top range blood glucose monitor for about $300. and since then, every test i've done is normal. fasting glucose of 80-90 mmol, and only usually up to 120 after eating carbs. yes, sugar and carbs are bad and remaining non-diabetic is vital. but it's needlessly diagnosed on the back of random blood tests, and then treated by the medical profession like a chronic, irreversible disease that needs life long management. all of which causes people stress and worry, which itself will raise blood glucose due to chronic stress and therefore make a mountain out of a mole hill. been on keto 6 weeks. have lost 6kg. stopped taking insulin after 1 week. in the second week i stopped taking the other three diabetic medicines. never going back. she is speaking the truth. it appears to me that every individual will react differently to foods just like maybe certain animals can eat fish but others can't some will do okay with chocolate others may die inhumans some people develop a way to eat certain things without any issues but others will react to it a little bit similar to allergy so keto works for some people but will absolutely not for others we all need to learn what foods are best for us and avoid the ones that are not which at the end becomes a bit difficult if you think about it keto baby. look i even got an account to boast about it xd! blaming the unhealthiness of americanized chinese food on the rice doesn't make a lot of sense when traditional chinese diets are very rice heavy and diabetes rates in china are lower than in the us. uk nhs just realised that and are educating a lots diabetics ! as part of cost cutting too! no more non sense spending billions on meds'. this is why public health services nhs is the best in the world. this also works wonders on hyperactive kids...jus sayin. so we start kids off with cereals for breakfast, breads for lunch and potatoes for dinner, and now after decades of doing this we wonder why we are now having a diabetes epidemic. . . ok don't read this comment it's very graphic. i dreamt i sat down in a beautiful restaurant, and the waitress brought my dinner : 5 assorted donuts, 2 almond joys, spagetti, tacos, lasagne, freshly baked bread running over with garlic butter, french fries, a burger, chow mein and chocolate cake, and pecan pie ....all laid out on a round table. yum yum. roflmho. anybody else hungry? ok. i can dream can't i. im screwed.\ni have a family member with the disease, and im one of the races that are higher at risk. (hispanic)\nim female, too. and overweight.\nwow would gluten free be an option? i love veggies but something about not eating pure pasta gets to me. zucchini noodles don't do it for me!! very interesting talk. i would recommend checking the talks of dr. esselsteyn, dr. barnard, dr. campbell and others for a different approach to this situations. their work is on plant based nutrition and worth the time. guitarraviajera yes! not to mention look up mastering diabetes here on youtube. i have always suspected that carbs are wrong for me. i have been diabetic for over twenty years. thankyou for hope. i will try what you suggest because i believe it will work. it works. i was type2 for 15 years. been on keto for 6 weeks and off all insulin and medicines you should try the keto diet with intermittent fasting. the weight will just fall off & your diabetes will be cured. also check out dr jason fung on youtube. good luck if obesity is a disease then why does it not occur where there is limited food sources, famines, healthy food cultures? to make everything \"not your fault\" leaves everything to fate, just don't try, just don't do anything, just sit and wait, fate will take care of you, problem with keto and low carb diets is that it's impossible for vegans and vegetarians to follow consistently. so basically these diets require eating lots of meat, which negates the benefits of the diets. so the whole thing is asinine. i have to say something; we need more farmers growing actual food, not just grains for kfo meat operations. we have less and less farmers who are growing old and young would be farmers who cannot afford land to farm on. and so if pple are gonna be healthy in the he midst of all this, they are gonna have to grow, raise, and sprout as much of their own food as possible. it's long pastime we rolled up our sleeves and took control of our own health; food is the medicine. eat more fats, hey? i was kinda hoping should follow that with recommending olive oil, but she didn't? have i missed something? olive oil turns rancid at high heat and becomes a carcinogen. she is talking about type one and title says type 2 they are 2 different animals no she isn't. you are born with type 1 diabetes and insulin resistance is not a thing with them. these people do not produce insulin or produce only a low amount. it is also not irreversable at the moment. therefore, she is talking about diabetes type 2 as it is the only diabetes at the moment that is treatable by diet. obesity is not caused my insulin. it is caused by overeating. people aren't born with insulin resistance. if people can't control their eating habits then they eventually develop insulin resistance. @stuke insulin is not the culprit. the culprit is the individual who consumes huge amount of carbs. after a significant amount of time, the individual then develops insulin resistance. all type 2 diabetics consume large amounts of simple carbs. obesity is not necessary a hormonal issue, but type 2 diabetes certainly is and insulin is the culprit. this was very informative however... she omitted to address the most crucial challenge in her plan. no sugar! ok i can bake with almond flour i've used it before and it is delicious. but how do i bake without sugar how do i live without sugar when i love sugar?? dr. i hope you respond. i used to eat icecream every night and was a chocoholic that ate chocolate til i felt sick. i also drank coke like water. so i was a confirmed sugar lover. i went cold turkey on them all and told my wife to stop buying the stuff. (she didn't eat any of it anyway). i spent the next 3 months going to the kitchen for the 'sugary treats' but none was there. i didn't go crazy because every day i lost a little bit of my craving for it. i eventually got over it and my taste changed. suddenly i noticed the great flavors of natural foods and herbs. i didn't need sugar to enjoy food, but if i noticed it in food it made it taste sickly sweet. that was over 5 years ago and now i can have a sweet treat without kicking in any cravings. i just don't have sugar in my everty day food and keep the treats to once a month or longer if i don't gret offered any. also, i'm 10kg lighter and feel great! for those suffering cf, chronic fatigue, likely because their kreb or cori energy cycles are impaired, because of damaged mitochondria, the energy furnace component of every cell, maybe in anaerobic glycolosis [oxygen deficient environment] where excess carbohydrate intake is converting to lactic acid cellularly driving fm, fibromyalgia pain. from a toxic fume x-p i was in hypoxia, my body like a piece of lead, and had elevated lactic acid cellularly. a major component of the pulp mill emmissions was hundreds of tpd of methanol > formaldehyde > formic acid which metabolizes to lactic acid cellularly driving fm, brain fog and a false asthma.\nthe pesticide division of health canada gave bee keeper's permission to use formic acid in their bee hives in the fight against the varoa mite. at 80% solution on a paper towel mat to be removed 6 weeks before honey flowed it was killing the queen bees. i had honey on toast one evening and my throat, mouth and tongue were burning like my last day of work when there were 59 tradesmen on oxygen at the hospital! two days after the honey incident eating my daily yogurt i suffered stroke like (melas) symptoms! i knew enough to quit dairy and within weeks i was off my puffers as lactic acid can irritate the delicate air sacs in the lungs and fm free! i was off dairy for 1.5 year's when my naturopath suggested i try goat or sheep dairy and suffered no contradictions.\nketo is the best diet for me and a very worthy experiment for sufferers of cf and fm, of which for me a high carbohydrate intake was making worse.\nin medical journals they will say melas is only aquired in the womb, which i counter as it happened to other tradesmen on the project.\no'ops of major importance was we were having issues with burning feet, knowing nothing at the time about chemically induced neuropathy, either by medications or chemical x-p to the pulp mill emmissions! neuropathy haunts diabetics often resulting in tingling and burning sensations in the extremities, often called sock and glove syndrome, which all to often leads to amputations! thank you for sharing your story. i hope you've documented your story and medical records somewhere for posterity. the health effects of industrial and chemical exposures is going to be a major issue for these companies that currently care about nothing but keeping the money flowing. \"diabetes is a state of carbohydrate toxicity\" this is not caused by carbohydrates at all. this doctor knows surprisingly little about the science in her field. hopefully her obese patients don't have heart disease because her atkins diet she is suggestion may help them lose weight but at the cost of death by heart disease. i have a question, my dad now takes insulin every day, if according to the video method, does he still need to inject insulin every day? type 2 patients, can you answer this problem? that depends on what his diet is, is he willing to change to low-carb and even try keto and what his actual blood sugars are and how often is he testing. he could try a low-carb diet but needs to very carefully monitor his sugars as with injecting insulin he could easily go too low. i have the same question it's unfortunate that she makes no distinction between carbohydrates: refined carbs (white flour, white rice, white pastas) and whole grain carbs @roger & peggy wheat someone becomes obese and gets diabetes type 2 precisely because they don't distinguish refined carbs and whole grain carbs. one is horrible for you, the latter is essential part of our nutrition. for someone with obesity and diabetes, carbs are carbs. this is what she is talking about. she should before each public appearance pledge the allegiance to dr. r. atkins, who started this diet revolution when it was almost forbiden by the medical authorities. can any strict vegetarian share food item options with no g.p.s.? you can do low-carb on a vegetarian diet: if you eat eggs and dairy, they are helpful. take lots of good oils, like olive oil and coconut oil not good for kedney disease where can i find a guide to this type of diet?? someone please help. i've been type 2 for 11 years! the diet you need is the keto diet & intermittant fasting. dr jason fung is amazing. he can explain to you. see link below. im not a doctor and i knew this it don't suprice me but the most of carbs i consume are 80 grams a day you can eat the good carbs but only what your body needs and that depend on what type of activity you have in my case i do free weight and cycling my doctor said not one word about diet and exercise, only take these pills and come back often to get more, i learned it all by research, fiber, fiber, fiber and protein at every meal, vegetables, whole grains and whole foods, good fats, low complex carbs, lots of exercise, working it successfully!!!!!! this information is inaccurate and i think dangerous to spread this misinformation no gps: grains, potatoes and sugar i've been slim (70-80kg) all my life at 183cm and acquired dt2 despite healthy eating. why? because for over a decade i was sitting from morning to night and sleeping only 5 to 6 hours at best and hardly moved my legs. then, walking 0.5 hours a day plus getting at least 7 hours of sleep cleared me of dt2 within 4 years. and, don't believe the carb voodoo, broccoli, for instance, is 65% carbs! try dietdoctor i love this woman why does she squick? on the dot lady, veg, protein and fruits. so i can never have a sandwich again, even if it's whole grain, no sugar, high fiber bread? really? never? insulin resistance generally is caused by sessile macrophages in bellyfat emitting an immune substance which inhibits insulin from crossing into cells at the insulin receptors. ultimately the best treatment begins with apopting these macrophages as if they were a form of cancer. there are a variety of effective natural polyphenol cancer treatments that will help destroy these macrophages, which can comprise up to 50% of bellyfat. in general 5 to 10 grams of egcg per day is helpful in encouraging apoptosis of bellyfat macrophages. when treating cancer with polyphenols massive probiotic intake reduces cancer growth, but there is no available information on their effect on sessile bellyfat macrophages, if any. still, imagining if it were myself, as i do for all of this rather than actually medically recommend anything, if i were doing this i would take a 30 capsule bottle a day or the equivalent, of something like raw 100 billion colony forming unit per capsule 34 organism blend, or solaray 100 billion cfu 24 organism blend or ultimate flora 150 billion cfu 40 organism blend\n. high caffeine intake early in the day from large numbers of espresso shots, 10 grams to 20 grams per day of curcumin extract of turmeric. avoid vitamin c in any more than minimally required nutritional doses. megadosing c will increase insulin resistance by increasing the size and activity of the bellyfat macrophages causing the insulin resistance with their immune factor output to begin with. it makes it harder to kill those macrophages (and incidentally contrary to what you have been told makes it harder to kill cancer cells!) you can be completely framed as having diabetes through systematic dosing of vitamin c prior to testing of blood sugar, and vitamin c can even be used as a murder weopon if you are using an insulin pump. the key is that a megadose ( anything over a hundred milligrams of vitamin c really, but most dangerous in this case over 2 grams a day, though deleterious effects have been seen from as little as 300 milligrams per day) will show as elevated bloodsugar in the test used for checking bloodsugar level. so if your doctor administered vitamin c or got you to take vitamin c prior to a glucose tolerance test then the test will show higher than normal blood sugar levels for several hours afterward even if you actually have low blood sugar because vitamin c reads as sugar on the test. this can frame you as being diabetic, and even be used as justification for prescribing you insulin, metformin, glucagon and other diabetes medications even though you are in this frame-up case not actually diabetic. it may have been misrepresented as another pill medication, administered intravenously or hidden in something naturally sour like orange juice, or even just administered orally as vitamin c since almost nobody knows about this. diabetic or not, if you are on an insulin pump, it will continue to administer insulin repeatedly as long as sugar readings are above it's set level, so vitamin c falsely causing high readings can land you in the hospital or the grave as the device keeps reading high \"sugar\" which fails to reduce with the pump repeat dosing, because insulin reduces sugar readings, but not vitamin c. this is why vitamin c can be used to frame non-existent diabetes or to murder you with hypoglycemic strokes and heart attacks.\nin addition, insulin resistance is non-medically and cheaply reduced or eliminated temporarily without medical products by 1000 mcg chromium from chromium picolinate, chromium polynicotinate, chromium histidine or gtf chrimium daily also helpful are the green tea extract egcg and curcumin turmeric extract previously mentioned as pro-apoptosis agents. also helpful in the macrophages apoptosis vein is sufficient hot peppers to provide 2+ grams of capsaicinoid per day. when attempting to induce apoptosis of cancer or sessile bellyfat macrophages it is helpful to also take either ibuprofen in normal daily use dosages or methyl salicylate from very carefully not overdosed willow bark tea, as apoptosis when it happens is generally increased by either of these agents by a factor of 1.8 times. likewise tiny doses of barbiturates (such as 5 milligrams phenobarbital twice daily) are known to increase apoptosis when it is occurring by a factor of 3 times. lycopene and d-limonene may also improve effect,as will a good keto diet with lots of olive oil, coconut oil mct, hemp oil and salmon or mehedden fish oil. it is generally recommended to use large amounts of fish oil with egcg to prevent kidney stone formation. if the amount of fish oil you can take is limited due to concerns over combination with anticoagulant combination effects, citric acid can be combined with it to render it effective at a lower dose in case kidney stone formation is observed.\nmetformin and other cytochrome p 450 3a4 inhibitors are known to inhibit apoptosis generally so if practicable at all it is required to avoid metformin, statins, azoles such as antifungals like fluconazole and astemazole for arhythmia,. also avoid erythromycin, clarythramycin, and cyprofloxacin, though the later is a cyp 2d6 rather than cyp3a4 ilinhibitor. also avoid tagamet, prilosec and nexium as combining them with curcumin can cause a fatal reaction. . weird seems like other countries aren't suffering as much from this \"disease\".... when i was diagnosed i was devastated. my daughter who is a registered nurse told me this can be managed with out meds. change your diet. i immediately dropped my carbs to 30. i lost 50 pounds and my a1c dropped from 8 to 5.4. i was on metformin for 3 months. now 2 years later i have increased my carbs to 50-60 and i have maintained my a1c 5.3-5.9. glad you got your health on track. many people are doing the same with this lifestyle. she does have very good guidelines, but of course not all carbs are the same. a bowl of broccoli is definitely not the same as a bowl of cake and ice cream. you could probably eat natural high fiber veggies like broccoli all day, and not raise your glucose level. ?? thank you amazing!! she's the best! the people that hate this video are the ones that enable people to be dependent on the wrong way of health i'm so glad i found this video!! i'm changing how & what i eat!!! thank you dr. sarah hallberg how about all the civilizations that lived on corn, rice and wheat for centuries? diabetes barely existed back then even among the elderly. i'm skeptical of these oversimplified diet models. some of us are also athletes. i haven't heard of anybody that is able to sustain training eating just fats and proteins. it's like running a lamborghini on coal i am diabetologist. all of metabolism described here is principally true. but! when my patients who lost weight were asked how did you do that, all replied simply - i decided. all. not one exemption. they started to move more and eat less. so simple it is. hate the loud music. shocks the listener look at our food pyramid, it's heavy in carbs . . . we live by the pyramid, we die by the pyramid. and in the end, we look like the pyramid i would like to say thank you, she is very kind person what about oatmeal? yes, type 2 diabetes can be reversed.\nfasting is the cure. that and a keto diet. search youtube for dr. jason fung. he also has a couple of books out. i had insulin resistance for nearly 10 years. last fall i started a keto diet along with intermittent fasting, and have lost over 30 lbs. i went from a size 14-16 jeans to a size 10 (working towards a size 8 although one of my friends thinks i've already lost enough weight now lol).\ncarbs and sugar are the enemies. stay away from them and you'll be amazed at how much better you'll look and feel. amazing. congrats.\ni have insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome, so i started the plan about 5 weeks ago. so far, so good. it's not carbs toxicity, what cause insulin resistance, but intramyocellular lipids (fats inside muscle). insulin job is to push carbs to muscle cells for energy, but because blockage what those fats are making sugars can't get in and so blood sugar levels rise. eat diet rich of starches with vegetables and some fruits, not processed foods and animal foods what cause many more diseases too besides of diabetes type 2 really? high quality carbs are no good? what...,? bravo dr. hallberg! the first time i've heard of her work. i guided myself into a low carb diet 4 years ago after experiencing problems with my gut (food allergies: grains and some legumes), \"idiopathic\" distal neuropathy, lethargy and brain fog. i read books by dr. teri wahls, dr. david perlmutter, and dr. steven gundrey. as well as many medical research papers. most recently i read the end of alzheimers... (sometimes referred to as type 3 diabetes) by dr. dale bredesen. to her credit, my kaiser family medicine doctor agreed with my request to let me monitor my blood glucose with a blood test meter (she wrote a prescription for the meter). she was adamant though, that because my fasting glucose did not peg me as pre-diabetic that i didn't need to do anything about the insulin resistance that was giving me problems. after i went low-carb (less than 40 gm/day with 20gm/day being even better for neuropathy and less than 4 oz of meat per day) i was able to get my pre-prandial glucose to below 100 and my gut issues, brain fog, and neuropathy subsided and/or disappeared. i shed 25 lbs (never been way overweight). upper-respiratory allergies, itchy eyes and nose that i had as long as i could remember also nearly disappeared (when i eliminated dairy they did disappear completely). i eat lots of fresh and lightly steams vegetables with every meal.\ni am stunned every time i think about mainstream medicine, big pharma, ama, ada and usda covering up the truth to stuff their pockets with the blood money of human suffering. i't's just going to get worst and the inevitable day of reckoning will shake american mainstraem medicine to the core when the lies and denial come crashing down. dori campbell - amen to that. i totally agree! peace. bravo, dori campbell - well said! this lecture should be heard by everyone the world over, especially the medical profession. yes, so these so called doctors can start planning on retirement the doctor who knows what she's talking about, at last!!!!! 4 months of keto and if - dropped 52 lbs, size 40 jeans to 34, haic from 6.0+ to 5.1, bp 140+/90+ to 115/70 - at 57 feel better and in better shape than when i was 27! this is life changing stuff - wake up america (and the world!) you tell em darlin' we need more people like you to spread the word. heath braunstein whats if? sorry new at this heath braunstein hey i was wondering what foods you ate for breakfast?! and did you eat any carbs at all?! like rice?! i really want to do this diet but i'm confused. thank you:) obesity is caused (most times) by poor choices in food and lack of exercise. many people rely on bad food for comfort or just habit. obesity is a self-inflicted disease that we can prevent or change by what we take in our bodies. educate yourself on fruits and vegetables and meat. etc. and what it does for your body. get excited about good food. healthy food is like medicine for your body. it helps things work how they're supposed to. i just started eating mostly fruits and vegetables, some meat, not much bread or sugar, and in 1 week i lost 11 lbs. the only exercise i get is at work with the walking i do (about an hour a day. no gym.) so food is the biggest thing you must change to make a difference. if you're busy and dont have much time to exercise, at least change what you're eating. i am not a doctor, but thats what makes me lose weight. i did my own research before watching this video and what i found correlates with what this doctor said. a few comments. there is a very good blood sugar a1c chart on google images. it is red, yellow and bright green. print that out and keep it in your health records. you can go to walkinlabs online and order an a1c test for $30. (my insurance company wanted to charge me $35.) then you take the walkinlabs order to your nearest testing center (mine is the hospital across the street) and you'll get an email with your a1c that afternoon. a1c should be charted by practically everyone who has $30. put your results on that chart along with the date. as you test over the years, you may see your a1c increasing. figure you will live for 80 years. extrapolate as to whether you'll end up in the normal range, pre-pre diabetes range, pre-diabetes range or diabetes range. then set your eating guidelines appropriately. if you are headed to these disaster zones, then slow way down on the carbs, in some cases, don't consume even whole grains. i try to limit myself to 5 carbs or less each time i eat.\nyou can download your ancestry results and upload them to promethease and see what diabetes genes you have. i had a gene for a glycogen storage disease that most likely contributed to my diabetes. it's nice to know your risk factors. a1c test costs 8 euros in europe. 1 vial of american insulin 275 usd in the usa, 60 euros in eu. great humanist usa ! this is the cure of all diseases so whats in the food we are eating that makes us insulin resistance! stick to meat and veg! no cardo 's iam type 2 diabetic for 18 years. i wanted to reverse my diabetes so sept 2018, i started a low carb diet. i eat fats and aim to hit ketosis. dec. 2018, during a family trip in taiwan i was rushed to the hospital. my blood sugar was almost 500. i was confined in the icu for 3 days because of ketoacidosis and as soon as i went back home in manila, i went straight to the hospital (again)and doctors say the low carb diet is not for diabetics like me. @mia dela vega good to hear, be well! @childcrone hi. iam much better now. monitoring my blood sugar and watching what i eat is what i do now. no more keto for me. :) you're right; taking it to ketosis is too far! (as you found out, mia, and i hope you're doing well now) this dr. is not recommending 'keto'. idk, i've been diagnosed with prediabetes 2,3 months ago, i decreased carbs to no more than 250gr on my training days and up to 200gr on non training days.. today i checked my fasting glusose and it's the same as before.. i workout at the gym 4 times per week, and before i ate about 400 carbs on training days and about 300 on no training days low carb diet is 60 grams or less per day (not per meal) with some more aggressive and quicker working diets limiting it to 20 grams per day, a glass of milk has more than that oatmeal cures diabetes! except i followed the ada guidelines, no meds, dropped to normal a1c, lost 70lbs an am doing great. ill stick to what most doctors say rather than someone who wants to be a \"thought leader\" on hipster ted talks. just dont watch what she had to say. yeah the ada is just so successful. rates of t2 are soaring. and they love it because it means more money for their big pharma masters, who will donate more money to the ada. thank you dr.hallberg. just recently i was diagnosed pre-diabetic and decided i was going to educate myself on how to handle this before it goes too far. i really appreciate the great information and your talk gave me encouragement. i read that most people reach a plateau once in a while. i would think as long as your working out, eating well and expending more calories than you are taking in you will start losing again. me too, diag. as pre-diabetic , i'm living healthy , going to the gym regularly so idk where that came from .. i tried decreasing carbs but for now no success,.. maybe i need to push the carbs further down nothing tastes as good as healthy feels. @crank j no no speaking of taste try not drinking any pop for 3 weeks then have a drink of it. you will likely go omg this is nothing but liquid sugar. @crank now i want a grilled cheese sandwich. beautiful and life saving presentation. praise god @crank until you're dead... yup! i detest big pharma!!! thank you very thankful for this valuable information. totally works keeping carbs down, i stay at a limit of 20 carbs a day. in 4 months the diabetes threat backed away and 50 lbs gone. good stuff. thank you yes. avoid gmos, processed foods (as much as possible), and stay away from the 'traditional' diet chock-full of carbs like pastas, breads, and refined sugars. avoid 'traditional' \"foods\" like vegetable oil (esp. corn, soy & canola) and their by-products; these are full of toxic trans-fats [and more]. this 'program' means only that one must examine labels to avoid toxic ingredients (myriad in most 'foods' at the grocery stores). why does anyone resist?\nbecause it tastes good, &/or it is 'convenient'... these are great selling points that drive up great profits and not surprising that such factors prevail in the maintenance of unhealthy eating behaviors. however, such 'bad' foods make us sick and are the major cause of 'dis-eases', feeding the big med/ big pharma corps. is our health not more important? qui bono?\nwho benefits? who pays? yeah, and they put all kinds of 'sugars' in near everything, to make sure we get diabetes and metabolic problems so we can go to their big-med/ big pharma institutions and come away with lifetime 'subscriptions' for their toxic big chem 'pharmakeia' (gr. \"sorcery\" bsee strong's g5331)...smh hello otto, i am 63 years old and after 4 stents i just started really reading labels and could not believe the amount of trans fats in food. almost everything on the shelves at the grocery store had either palm, canola or soybean oils listed in their ingredients. i've now really involved in watching what i eat since i was diagnosed with prediabetes about a week ago. i'm surprised those numb nuts at tedx haven't banned this yet, like they seem to do with other video's that go against mainstream thinking. are those 5.5k dislikers working in the pharmaceutical industry .. right ? or are vegans. they hate this. i think it's called denial. i guess were now supposed to buy cans of crisco and just eat that! :) why are the comments on the herpes disabled??? the pharma-industry will take care of her i hope not. god bless her instead. thats what needs to be said love it. just watched another of these talks and a doctor recommended eating a grain based diet; potatoes, corn, rice and sweet potatoes. jesus wept. when i watch a talk given by an obesity doctor the first thing i look at when attempting to assess how credible they may be is to look at their waistline. sarah hallberg passes this test in my view. wrong on almost all aspects. i was a lo carber of n on for years. ....helped with weight management. ...but suffered from lo energy chronically n colon problems n other issues. .. i have had a dark discoloration in my neck for the past 5 years. various doctors including my uncle said that was a sign of insulin resistance. that i could get diabetes. i would get so angry and annoyed that they would say that..\nmy paternal grandmother died after living in a vegetative state because of a diabetic coma she had (type 2). my maternal aunt was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes.\ni've realized that this is something that could happen to me. i'm 22 and i've decided to do something about it. i want to be healthy well into my old age.\nit's all about what you eat, to take responsibility over your nutrition and body. the dark skin discoloration is a typical sign. i have it and also have polycystic ovary syndrome.\nlow carb really helps to lower insulin, which helps those with metabolic disorders.\nsearch youtube videos by dr jason fung, dr ken berry and diet doctor. you'll learn a lot about insulin resistance and how to adjust your diet.\ni wish you the best. would love to hear if her patients now have an increased risk of bowel cancer since real food wholegrains reduce bowel cancer. has one medical condition been swapped with another? i have struggled with hypoglycemia (a pre-diabetic condition) since birth and i do ketogenic cycling and every time i cycle keto i drop at leased 20 pounds within the first month. everything this doctor is saying is absolutely true. in addition to stabilizing my blood glucose and reducing my weight my systolic blood pressure has dropped from a dangerous 205 range to a completely normal low 120 range and all those benefits without any medication or even counting calories. this is legit life changing stuff here, big thumbs up. thank you dr. hallberg - this was an eye opener. much appreciation for all the compelling evidence on this symptom! keep inspiring! when the doctor told my wife that her diabetes can never be cured, i told her that that's not true and she freaked out on me. a lot of doctors are stuck in their ways. i wish you and your wife the best of health. this is the result of the usda/fda/ama/ada (et al) vanguards protecting the big agra, big chemical, big medical, big pharma, big insurance treadmill of disease and disorder that put the human cattle on a treadmill of perpetual maladies that feeds upon itself and requires a universal plethora of prescriptions for life. it's 2019,,,,,,there are literally 3-4 different diabetes meds commercials on tv,,,,constantly! i went cold turkey on just sugar,,,,and within 2 weeks i lopped 20 points off my fasting glucose levels. i used to check out in the low 90's,,,,,now i am consistently in the low 70's......and my bp dropped as well. sugar and carbs are bad news. same here but i went low carb and went from 169 to 80 on glucose and heading for the dr. now. oh 45 lbs off to. i am fairly sure (as a professional mathematician) that medicine and related fields destroy more people than they help. but that seems to be the fate of people who cannot truly think for themselves! (which requires intense scholarship among other things)\n\"the hopeless confusion of contradicting expert opinions...\" einstein you're right. thats why life expectancy went from 30 yo to over 70yo nowadays. but you're totally right, medicine hurts more than it helps. vaccination didn't help at all, that's why we still see plagues decimating millions of people, half of the population of an entire continent, among other things. seriously the length people go to say ridiculous things on the internet is fascinating. if you don't like medicine just don't go to a doctor, even when you're sick.\nfunny thing is that people who say this are the first ones to rush to the hospital when needed :)\nwish you the best! why do the longest living societies eat plenty of carbs?\nwhy not speak of glycemic load? portion size. great talk!! no carbohydrates? absolutely not for hard working labours. i still eat what i consider a good deal of carbs but i looked around and realized that i eat relatively low carb to those around me that eat hardly anything else. i eat about 30 to 40 percent of my calories from carbs and do moderate exercise. i also do a one day fast each week and most days eat one meal rarely more than two because of \"social events\" and such. thanks for exposing the truth. now that i know this, it's going to be on me if i don't change my habits and relationship with food. i reversed t2 diabetes following the advice of dr. hallberg. in 2017 my a1c was 7.1 currently 5.1 without medication. @jasmine loveflower keto and intermittent fasting will help you immensely! check out videos by dr. fung and dr. berry!! wow the lowest i had it was 6.4 it had went up to 7.4 but im going to change this. im going to try paleo diet or something to help me with this diabetes. literally just back from my diabetic review. i've gone from a *hba1c* reading of *60* when diagnosed two years ago to 38 now so if i had the test today i would not be termed a diabetic. my levels had raised very slightly but so unfortunately had my weight & unwillingness to exercise!\nbottom line - it is *100%* reversible but you *have* to put the work in! @william fox\ni should have mentioned as i was as fit as a guy working in a window only 24 hr petrol station (backwards & forwards to get stuff) but let things slip just after christmas.\nat my apex which was july/aug last year & some 18 months after diagnosis i was unbelievably on top of it to the extent of not even allowing myself a sprinkling of sugar on top of my sugarless cappuccino. i was running 8 miles 2 or 3 times a week & had shifted the best part of 4 st.\ni have always had a good diet, my wife is italian so healthy mediterranean all fresh fish, fruit & veg i did cut out the pasta though as you should together with bread, potatoes & rice.\ni think *moving* is the *big* one & if possible moving far & reletively fast! that is what sorted me out. diet is a more important factor than exercise, just walk everyday for 30 minutes or more, try to do a quick sprint and do some light dumbbell lifting every now and then i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in 2011 . it is now 2019 , i have never taken any meds for my condition . i test my glucose levels every day . i control very well with diet . if i go off my diet , my levels start to rise , i eat a lot of salads , stay away from sweets , bread , potatoes , pasta . i don't eat between meals or after supper . i try to exercise regular . my levels go low because i don't take meds to lower it . when i am very strict on my diet , my a1c is in the 5's . when i go off my diet it can go to the 7's. too high , then it is back to the strict diet . eating regular i can keep it in the 6's . oh , and i am now 70 years old\n! great video! excuse me for butting in, i am interested in your thoughts. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is a good one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some amazing things about it and my friend sam after a lifetime of fighting got cool success with it. can someone please tell me why/how carbs cause diabetes on like a cellular level? my understanding is that carbs are stored sugar? she didn't quote one peer reviewed study to back up what she is saying, check out the china study conducted by a world famous american doctor and dr michael gregors book, how not to die. thousands of documented cases of people ridding themselves of diabetes in a whole food plant based diet. please don't believe her until she has real evidence not just anecdotes. the worst thing for diabetes is dairy according to many many study's by some of the best universities in the world. canada has designed its recommended diet around these study's so who are you going to believe? ch r one more thing, my mum had bowel cancer and her surgeon said in his 30 years in colorectal medical he has only had to treat two vegans. out of thousands of people two were vegan . ch r did you ever hear about what killed dr atkins? heart disease! do you also know what food group contains cholesterol... that's right, cholesterol is only found one food group and that's animal products so meat, dairy and eggs so if you want high cholesterol this diet will be great for you. if harvard university and the world health organisation and many many other peer reviewed studies agree plant based whole foods work i would listen, i have lost around 150lb over the last two years and i'm off almost all my medication, my cholesterol is obviously great as i don't consume any and i feel 20 years younger. ohhh i also don't have hears disease unlike poor deluded atkins. its a ted talk. and do a quick search off google scholar. there are plenty of studies out there. you just sited one that has a different approach. homa ir = pre pre diabeties , a1c/ fasting blood = pre diabeties , a1c/2h blood test = diabeties i've been doing keto for about 8 months.\ni've lost 73 pounds\nmy a1c dropped from over 10 down to 5.7\nmy liver and kidney function lab results are perfect for the first time in decades\nall of my blood work and urine labs are 100% perfect (again for the first time in years).\nmy cholesterol and triglycerides went from very high and dangerous to perfect:\ntriglycerides: from 194 to 68\nldl: from 136 to 95\nmy blood sugars went from the high 300s down to between 90 - 120\nand i no longer need to take 7 drugs (yes, literally 7 drugs) per day. @demerew kigeneh watch sten ekberg's videos on how to do low carb/ keto and intermittent fasting. my friend reversed her type 2 diabetes following a nutrition plan based on those videos. @jb llc sten ekberg. you can create a nutrition plan from his ideas. it's basically low carb/keto plus intermittent fasting. he explains the principles behind those ideas. once you become familiar with those, you can customize your plan according to your resources, lifestyle and environment. his food lists are simple, every day food. you basically just avoid sugar, grains, fruits (except berries) and processed food. meat, fish, poultry, green leafy/cruciferous vegetables, nuts, healthy fats are ok. the timing of the meals is important. wonderful! congrats @tracy sunny whited i wish your doctor didnt take you off. cholesterol is essential for life, and a lot of research is showing that higher cholesterol is associated with an increase on longevity, and lower cholesterol has higher mortality rates.\nbiggest thing is to look at triglyceride levels and vldl levels. these are the bad cholesterol items. if those are low, then you're good! @britt rugg that danger only really exists for type 1 diabetics, not type 2 dr neal bernard... mic drop keto quackery. wait two years until it stops working, you have massive kidney stones, terrible oral health, brittle bones, and cardiovascular disease. keto and intermittent fasting cured my wife of stage 4 cancer. we have several friends who have had similar success. i actually have prediabetes and my own specialist immediately suggested cutting carbs. i'm to the point where i'm only allowed to eat like 1/3 cup of carbs. if everything works out i'll be off my meds in a month. why isn't she talk about increasing mineral intake 14:50 hm coconut flour has more sugar count than whole grain flour....... any explanations? coconut flour is high in fiber, if you minus the fiber from the carbs the net carbs are low, 6.1 grams in 1/8th cup. coconuts are created by nature and whole grains are cultivated and cant be created in nature. only quinoa,spelt, wild rice and other grains that grow wild are for human consumption. can i cure my diabetes?? i don't think you can ever \"cure\" it although i think that is debatable or even semantics. my doctors call mine \"in remission.\" i have no doubt that if i went back up to my old weight & old ways it would return but as i have no intention of doing that i guess i'm cured? look up forks over knives (documentary), what the health, dr neal barnard, dr mcdougall etc. dr please tell me how to control my type 2 diabetes please tell me i am a 30 year old woman please please please in the first minute i knew this has bs in it. obesity is not a disease, it's a condition of not being healthy. i am an obese and since i started thinking that it's not a disease. that you don't loose weight to be healthy. you get healthy then you're condition improve and you loose weight. i lost 55 pounds in 6 weeks and even though i'm still obese, i have not been healthier in decades. the rest will follow. 55 lbs in 6 weeks. sure. right. no problem. i believe you. \"obesity is a disease\"\nno it isn't, it's a condition.\nbasically you are taking in more calorific energy than you are expending.\nso eat less and exercise more. that's it. @tanya mullen\ni understood it perfectly. i studied biology. someone didn't understand the science. but i kind of don't get this? many people started getting organ failures after following atkins diet of which is due to cutting on carbs in phase 1, so how doesn't our body need carbs if so? overdramatic squeaky voice thats her voice, maybe she can't help it. she is also very compassionate and enthused about the subject. love this talk. well done! fantastic talk! thank you. x very well presented dr sarah. really liked the stance to challenge the norms and open eyes to the vested interests of many big players who want to maintain the status quo. i'm not diabetic, although may be at high risk due to my ethnicity. nor to i intend to become one of the many who are, by in effect already having followed the advice given (lower carbs) and reasonable level of activity. however i'm motivated to do more now, particularly because of the passion and credibility you have in this matter. with thanks for the inspiration. this \"vnj fivu\" (google it) is among the most reasonable and also easy to follow program for general health and curing diabetes. aside from being simple to follow, this diet plan and also life style transformation won't stress you about carb or calorie tracking! my transition to a much healthier lifestyle has not only helped me shed pounds but also overcome diabetes and also high blood pressure! the guide can really help you heal diabetes.. sum of this talk is to put you on keto diet .....\nstop using medicine to treat food .......wawooooo yes, let's all eat nothing but dead animals, animal products, and fats, because goodness knows these are the keys to good health. or, maybe you'd like to look at research done by david jenkins et al and others? or the evidence showing that the higher the intake of whole grains, the lower the risk of diabetes everywhere? show me just one of your patients who agrees to eat an ultra low starch diet for life - i bet you can't! she is ,sadly, absolutely right delicious killer carbs!!! the answer is so much easier, do a fast all the way to reset and heal your body mechanisms, then enjoy a healthy life :)\ndr. sarah hallberg is just looking a part of the elephant, she needs to broaden her vision of it. i recommend dr. jason fung lectures about this. use immunocal........when all else fails very few fatties in venezuela right now. not enough calories. this is such good & welcoming information. thank you. of course i've heard this message before but the whole grain people drown out the information. that voice...... yuck! our ability toward self abuse is sad. this is not what is happening.\ngo to dr hymans pages and learn to eat correctly. this will solve these problems and more.\nstarts with knowledge then discipline. why didn't she mention the glycemic index? no more rice, potatoes, and beans?? to summarize this discussion as advocating for americans to change to a ''keto' diet as the holistic treatment for the multi-caused constellation of symptoms called diabetes is short-circuiting the total discussion of health. to suggest that diabetes can be cured is disingenuous and suggests that diabetes is not a disease but a condition. i'm a diabetic, and i started a keto diet, basicly the same way of eating that dr hallberg suggest. i've lost 15 pouds in one month, my blood pressure got way down, might even have to reduce my blood pressure pill, but my a1c is still high and i don't know how long my blood sugar will start to go down??? anyone??? type 2 pussys.. thanks to dr.sarah hall berg for the wonderful advice to reverse the type 2 diabetes that is a remarkable one indeed. a year ago ,i stopped eating sugar ,carbs (potatoes ,bread pasta, etc....) completely . i was 260 pounds ,now i am 160 pounds , no longer diabetic,no pains ,no aces , suppppppper healthy, i bike ,i run ,and i eat alot .i eat 3 dates a day ,3 hard boils eggs a day ,2 large salads ,one with chicken and one with tuna,olive oil added and lemon,and one homemade burger with lettuce toma, and onions with (no bun),and 3 cups of coffee a day ,and smoke 1 cigar after work ,i am supper healthy .(sugar is a sweet tasting and delicious poison ,along with carbs .that is the truth america. eye opner dr. hallberg's energetic talk is proof that her own low-carb diet is providing her plenty of energy for her daily work activities. thanx sarah thanks sarah - your enthusiasm has given me a boost and your research is live! why dont the likes of greger, esselstyn, barnard etc admit this works? who tells people with type-2 or pre type-2 diabetes to eat that level of carbs? even if they're on metformin? diabetes educators. really. so how do we find out what to eat? what vegetables can i have? hos about the people whos lifequality is also carbohydrate intake, cake, candy, bread, pasta, potatoes, fruit.... i think it is forgotten alot, just how much food that the individuals has to ban from their lives. this is what insulin can help with, but if individuels dont care for suger then sure, this is a much batter way :) but i do like the keto idea. we also, in the clinics in the hospitals of denmark teach diabetics to do ketogenic diets and with excersise.\nbut dont call obesity what it isnt.\nobesity, smoking, alcoholism and drug addictions are not deseases, though they cause alot of desease jamie rivet sure it does, otherwise it wouldnt be used by licensed clinical dietitians in the hospitals to treat some diabetics :) no its not a desease insulin resistance is not something you are born with, but you eat yourself to it. so you can't say that obesity is a disease, cause it's not. thanks, i have endo in my lung and ate a barrel of sugary things this morning..hence... my lung is acting up. going to have olive oil, and vinegar, then heading for a walk for coconut water.\nhope my estrogen lowers quickly...lexi how does cholesterol factor to all this? i mean some of the foods that are low in carbs can sometimes be high in cholesterol (like eggs). i know she said that the number 1 cause of heart disease is insulin resistance, but i thought cholesterol does too. do we avoid high-cholesterol items too? nice to see tracy ullman found a second career. bizarre. she neither looks nor sounds anything like tracy ullman. mission diabetes free india 23 , : ,9910271442/8076534944 two words - plant based hclf two words: low-carb, as you like it. three more words: drop the insulin; three more words: ditch the carbs!! are there people who didn't already know this? well said dr. this is dangerous!! it's not a sustainable way of eating. look up long term effects of keto diet!! the studies rarely go past a year. for those of you that are curious and in need of reversing diabetes type 2 should check out a whole foods plant based diet. also dr. neal barbard is a great resource. also dr. michael gregor also dr. micheal gregor. brilliant! all the dislikes are more likely from the pharmaceutical companies and their investors if people get better, no more money...right. sigh...when money is more important than a human. so much drama even in explaining.cant you all talk normally? that's when happens when you realize that a simple diet change can stop, minimize, or place into remission, type 2 diabetes, and would save americans over $100 billion annually on insulin and diseases and amputations. so, do i quit insulin at the same time i go high protein?\ni have done this before and got off insulin.\nthe problem? i love carbs.\ni'm now increasing insulin more and more.\ni can say i felt much better on low (not zero) carbs. zero carbs didn't work for me, but extreme limits did.\nit's harder to quit carbs than anything i have ever dealt with. i hear its harder than quitting smoking.\n-> i'm t2, about 30lbs overweight by the charts, but very physically active. i struggled to even lose 15lbs last year. its seems soo hard to drop weight while on insulin! @bionat i have lewrned there are two types of \"carb people\" those that count carbs as, well, carbs, and those that count \"net carbs.\"\nvery valid point, 20g of carbs from a fruit is much different than 20g of carbs from a chocolate chip cookie. the caveman diet is a way to go? over 3 years ago, i watched this video while waiting to pick my granddaughter up from school. it began a journey that saved my life! i had recently been diagnosed with diabetes after years of coming close but not quite there. when i watched this talk and heard how much money is being made each year because of the \"incurable & progressive\" disease of diabetes. knowing how money motivates people, i knew that would not be my path. thanks to good people, i found keto and have followed it for over 3 years. down over 50 pounds and really enjoying eating again. the best part is that i am no longer diabetic!\nthanks, dr. sarah and others like you who are bucking the trends and getting the real message out. you are winning but it will take time for society to change because we are being told that apples & bananas are good for us. technology makes it possible to get these messages out and i pray that more people will listen. any daily program to follow on dietary there is no such thing as \"reversing diabetes\" type 2 diabetes is a chronic progressive disease. it can definitely be slowed, with a low-glycemic diet and healthy life style but it can not be reversed. so much mis-information saturating the media surrounding type 2 diabetes. @ukliar suntan how about remission? just as good. it is not a progressive disease if you eat right. you have been brainwashed by the ada, big pharma, and your rd, who want you to be their patient of life.\nyou think she is making this up? my wife is chinese and guess what she says when i say no rice, no dumplings, no potatoes, no steamed bread, no carbs? you crazy man. ok i no cook for you any more. i have my work cut out for me. boy, i have to try making those muffins soon. why is it that nobody is allowed to sue the ada for false information that is killing people to sell drugs ? excellent question! they are criminals who are more concerned about getting millions from big pharma than providing advise that would mean the demise of big pharma. johnny penso hope you know the condition called high blood pressure. if you do you might know that not all patients get the same medication dose or the same number of medications. some patients of high blood pressure can get better by just lifestyle changes (like exercise, losing weight) or very minor medications. some of the patients need two three or ever five or six medications.\njust like blood pressure diabetes cannot be boxed into one small box. wish i had time to explain this in detail.\na crazy statement, diabetes is not a condition of high sugar intake but lack of, ineffective or resistance to insulin. someone can have a complete absence of insulin (as in type 1 diabetes) but others have varying degrees of deficiency or resistance of insulin. thus trying to tell a type one diabetic to take keto lchf diet and his diabetes will be criminal if a doctor said it. i will personally take them to court as it will cause the death of the person.\na person with mild resistance or deficiency of insulin may get better by the diet (partly by losing weight) but you can prescribe the same treatment for the higher grades of the disease.\nactually, if a person stops medications or insulin (if they really need it) will result in a condition called ketoacidosis or hyperosmolar coma and result in patient death. and you will ask how do i know because i as a physician have seen many such deaths over the last 25 years of my carrier. people say this is not sustainable. but the alternative is not good either. my neighbor has been on insulin for years. first he lost a toe, then another one. now his whole foot. insulin doesn't cure you it rots you. your kidney's, your eyes. neuropathy everywhere. the option is yours. sustain your food intake. or die a little bit at a time. insulin is not a cure and not good for you. your choice. i wasn't referring to type 1 diabetics and this pdocast wasn't geared twords type 1 diabetics since they haven't a physiologic deficiency in having beta cells that produce insulin. you can't get type 1 diabetes from diet. but if you aren't continuously spiking their blood sugar with carbs then they won't need insulin to cover the sugar. @shayla mcginness ok shayla - what do i do for a type 1 diabetic teenager with a doctor who says he must eat 60 grams of carbs each meal and takes around 180 units of insulin per day? (60 units per meal on average) do i have to wait for said teenager to turn 18, before i can get him started in this diet to improve his health? if his pancreas has stopped working, then he is always going to need to be injected so what is the point of going no carb when he still needs to inject the insulin? @shayla mcginness kell missed the part about 50% of americans not diagnosed as diabetic are pre-diabetic. so over 50% are \"predisposed\" to diabetes? not the diet they follow?\nshe is playing the victim card by accusing others of blaming the victim? i'm sure the irony id lost on her.\nthis is like blaming obesity on \"glandular problems\", which exists but is a tiny percentage of an epidemic.\nthen, one has to look at contributors to the glandular malfunction-it can and is induced by poor diet choices-only a very few are 'born that way'. i'm not victim blaming. insulin resistance isn't just a genetic predisposition. if you constantly eat a diet high in sugar, you're body can't produce enough insulin to transport all of the free floating glucose into the cells. this is what leads the cells on the pancreas to stop producing insulin. i'm in the medical field and the amount of no compliant diabetics that refuse to change their diet or exercise is astronomical. people need to be held responsible for their own health. we need to give them the right tools but they need to take responsibility. @shayla mcginness no, it's the genetic predisposition. there are plenty of non-diabetics who will eat junk food all their lives and not get diabetes. stop blaming the victim. no one ever died of obesity in a concentration camp. obesity is not a disease. dangerous advice..... works but has devastating long term consequences.... be very careful -- ps..... there are enough sick people... pharma and doctors don't have to keep you sick to make a living.... what about fruit??? i am type two and like to have just fruit for breakfast. maybe an apple, orange, and half a pomegranate. *high bp and blood sugar can be cured without medication.*\nand as such these should never be measured and get worried.\n*the myth about high bp and blood sugar.*\nwhat ever this doctors say cant be true.\nplease listen to me carefully.\n*no medical science can ever teach you all these.*\n*no medical science can ever produce human blood. *\n*the insulin so produced by the body is much more complicated than blood.*\n*and as such no one can ever make human insulin*.\n*the artificial insulin you inject to the body is not original and as such the human body do not accept it.*\n*this is called insulin resistance.*\n*the liver of type ii diabetic person has already tasted the original insulin and as such it rejects the artificial insulin (poison ) so injected into body.*\n*the liver of children, who are of type 1 diabetics has never seen the original insulin and as such rejection is not made by the liver.*\n==================\nso also please note.\n*we human beings have different blood groups and as such the insulin so produced in each individuals are of different groups.*\n*being the facts remains, how can they inject same combination of insulin on all individuals ?*\n============\n*our body creates auto rejection.*\n*if we take slightly poisonous food our body rejects it*\nby producing vomiting sensation and/or\ncreate loose motion .\nthe insulin so produced in our body through chemical medication has poisonous effect of that chemical and hence our body donot accept it.\n*that is the reason why the medicines are kept on increasing, where as the disease is not getting cured.*\n===============\n*the ignorance of modern medicine is the curse of humanity.*\n==================\nyou measure blood glucose and say it is blood sugar. this is utter foolishness.\nsugar is the combination of glucose and fructose.\nif fructose is added to glucose, part of the glucose is converted into sugar and as such the volume of glucose should come down.\ntake for example common salt.\nby measuring sodium, no one can ever say it is sodium chloride (salt). if you add chlorine to sodium the volume of sodium decreases.\nsame way if oxygen is added to hydrogen, part of hydrogen will be converted into water and as such volume of hydrogen will decrease.\nby keeping those points in mind you can treat and cure any diabetic person without medicines.\nhigh bp and diabetics are the self healing process of human body and as such never try to control it through medication.\nif you act against the self healing process our body retaliates and as such never do that mistake.\nhigh bp is for your good. as such you should help the body to increase the bp.\nin short you should increase the bp. if not agreed, medical science will be bound to expose this scam after another ten years.\n=============\nanother foolishness by medical science is the measurement of fasting sugar.\nif a diabetic person keeps fasting for two days, and there after measure the fasting glucose, the glucose level will remain high. ?!.\nmedical science has utter confusion and due to this ignorance they try to control fasting sugar through medication.\nthe fsating sugar remains high why because our liver is trying to drain out excess glucose. this is the self healing process of liver.\nif you stop this process through medication will lead to fatty liver or liver cerosis.\nwhen our liver is tries to drain out excess glucose from the body. how can it be a disease ?\nsame way\nour body is creates high blood pressure to push blood through partially squeezed/blocked blood vessels.\nhow can it be a disease.???\nstroke occures due to disruption of blood flow through brain.\nwho ever has brain should accept this fact.\nnow our body tries to push blood by creating high pressure.\nhigh bp and blood sugar can be brout under control without medication.\nnaturopathy treatments are doing good and the blood glucose level comes down during their treatment.\ntheoratically they are not able convince the public, due to which the patients are back in square one.\n=====================\nif the fasting sugar (glucose) is high in ur body, proceed as follows.\n======================\n1. high glucose got accumulated through excess intake of high carb food.\n2. the medication has forcibly hidden glucose in the body.\nremedy\nif bitterguard (karela) juice is added in sugar solution, the sweetness of sugar solution goes off.\nwhere as if a diabetic patient drink karela juice the blood glucose level remain unchanged .\nthis shows karela juice cannot react with glucose, and hence blood glucose is not blood sugar.\nthe person who has high fasting sugar should eat plenty of low glycemic fruits.\nthus the blood glucose gets converted into sugar.\nthe excess sugar thus formed can be drained out through urine by excess intake of water.\nkeep in mind..... the excess salt and excess sugar is drained out from body through urine.\nonce the sugar is formed in body, this can be neutralised by drinking bitterguard juice.\nplease criticise me and/or forward your comments.\nplease share. let the world see the real truth.\nto know further, contact me\n9400622546 (india). the main problem is diet: sugar and simple, hollow carbs. high fructose corn syrup, table sugar, potatoes, white bread, wheat, corn etc. i don't believe much of this. i am an md treating diabetes 2 for 30 years, and quite successful in my treatment. a low carb diet and myfitnesspal is helping me manage my diabetes and lose weight thank you, thank you, thank you! very informative! fast! omfg this woman is absolutely batshit crazy !! cut the carbs - feel better lose your belly and reduce inflammation. (win, win, win) amazing but your doctor will never tell you this? why? go to a game what do they serve - soda and pizza - totally crazy and unhealthly fasting is the answer.\nyoutube cole robinson snake diet. oh man, i 'd wish there were transcripts for these talks. it sounds interesting but really takes too long to get to the point watching. @willem ok, well, this one line saves me 20 minutes to watch, but it doesn't seem to be anything new. u r such a life saver.. lots of love from india .. more power to you... okay, help me out, please. i am not diabetic, but there is diabetes in my family, so it's something i'm concerned about. this talk makes a lot of sense. but as an endurance athlete, i'm told a steady intake of carbs help fuel long exercise sessions. i'm talking about five or six hour efforts. i've certainly bonked or hit the wall on rides when i haven't been properly fueled. so what's a good source of energy when you're exercising for six hours?\n!\n45\n!!\ni don't see how she can say that obesity is not something to take responsibility for. everything is based on personal responsibility. unless you're a brainwashed liberal. if there is a problem with your health you need to look for the answer til you find it. spot on, this one! as a dietetics student i can't stand the talk and the comments anymore. yes, cutting out carbs may make you feel better short term and use no meds. but what about long-term? what about the deficiencies and health problems caused by cutting out grains, fruits and starchy vegs? can you live on a low-carb lifestyle forever? can you live healthy and comfortable long-term on that diet? think before you make decisions. i love you sarah so important message another good reason to avoid physicians kudos to you dr. sarah for taking a stand to stand for your patients and their health. very brave and admirable for you to buck the big pharma money machine protocols of meds for life. you rock!!! hate to say this.....but , the problem ...is the patient not the doctor.\ndocotrs know carbs n sugar are bad in excess ....... its told to patient......and then the 99% of patients just continue eating their carbs.\nits just like that. carbs are incredibly satisfying tooo.\nso what does the doc do? he has to at least save the patient as far as possible, so start some metformin or glicazide.\nlook basically, the patients dont want or cant follow. !!!!\nits easy to make a video. but its difficult for patients. and its difficult for doctors who have such patients. @acastr1234 wrong, its also cultural. go to asia, the culture is to eat lots of carbs like rice. its cultural and also it tastes great. so dont come and bs me ok? you, may have the discipline....most people do not. period. thinking otherwise makes you very naive. bs! it's hard for people to stop because they've been trained to eat this way... big pharma needs diabetes to remain..$$$... cutting carbs is not easy for everyone i am just waiting for anyone representing pharmaceutical companies, to dive in here and call this great doctor with excellent advice a fraud. it means taking away their ever flowing funds. if i have type 1 diabetes can you still reverse it with the keto diet? kathy dabek check out mastering diabetes here on youtube. both are type 1 and are doing amazing. the blame is on the food corporations that are poisoning the population by dangerous preservative food. as a side note, during my work life i was the lead project rep (analytical dev) for jardiance. i thought it was a good drug, but now know better. i have been on keto since december 16th (nov 30 bloodwork, a1c = 5.7, glucose 123). my primary care doctor put me on metformin (which made me ill). so i searched youtube for type ii diabetes cures, came across, dr. berry, dr. berg, and twofit docs. started my keto diet because of the information provided. this morning, glucose =83, ketone level 2.6 using the precision xtra meter. i weighed 186lbs on dec 16th, today 165lbs, i feel great, inflammation in my back, thumbs etc., has lessened immensely. it works. good thing i already ate that glazed cinnamon roll, now i only have to deal with the guilt.................................... i guess asian people are f*cked........... because of rice in their diet.\nshe is on the right track but lost me here....... wrong! the last widely accepted prejudice, is being old. great gotta love all the \"experts\" with these types of videos. so far i've read 45 causes of t2 and 60 cures. i tell so many people this but they dont believe me. i will be forwarding this, maybe they will believe her. my dad just said \"but you need a little carb\" can people give me advice on this you do eat some carbs. good quality carbs from vegetables. to get my type 2 diabetes in check, i ate 20g per day. now that i am off the meds and in ketosis, i can maintain eating 50g per day. she is absolutely correct she must fire her stylist. \"health care\"??? or health manipulation (to support big pharma). first taking complete control over the production of food and then... \"science\" turning all the worlds wheat into a dna frankenstein monster that doesn't support life anymore, but grows well, should inform us all just how trustworthy (government or corporation funded) \"scientists\" are. excellent quality info! thanks. geoff should we take insulin then , i mean after the blood sugar decrease should we continue to take insulin? read my account above! get totally off - the medicine! as long as there are people earning money by selling food-like substances that make people ill while craving for more of it all the same, and people who earn money selling medication that keep people ill, there is no incentive to inform people how to get cured. you have to inform yourself, decide yourself to do it, often against the \"advice\" of ill-advice \"experts\". thank you for sharing this information to help people to get better! i really like her presentation. but what's up with her pants...that buldge near her zipper? it's totally distracting carbs plus fats = food heaven , deliciousssss fats + fruits + steaks = even better place! would tell my dad carbs aren't horrible but they need to be eaten in moderation. people who exercise more need more carbs and people who want to build muscle must utilize carbs. if you're sitting at the office all day and then going home to sit on the couch you don't need that many carbs. people need to learn more about these foods and how they effect the body in different ways. this is a cop out! for a select few it's their body but for the average person it's their choices that have led to being overweight. most people are just not taking the right steps towards better health! 1.01.... all about big phama ..... best stuff begins at 5:20 whole food plant based diet\nis the only way many who follow her advice will probably get early heart attacks.\nshe has probably never heard of mcdougall, or esselstyn. how does everyone not know this by now? i can't believe the food pyramid hasn't been changed yet. american dieteticassociation guidelines are hurting us!! it's ridiculous!! the patents at my hospital who are diabetic ha e menus titled \"consistent carbohydrate menu\". i wonder who's benifitng from this because it's not us.corruption kills(agendas/cou)! excellent message and excellent presentation. what a voice sound like to meet she copying off of with dr. sebi already said!everybody biting on sabi? ritengo che la maggior parte dei disturbi cronici derivino da una diminuzione del metabolismo. vi suggerisco di cercare nodibet su youtube 100% true, i've done it myself and it really works but carbs taste so gooooood thoooo insulin is a vicious cycle of weight gain and more insulin. but there are some very effective medications that block carb absortion and so you can 'have your cake and eat it too'. a good endocrinology/ diabetologist would know that....... they also cost far less than insulin. i also take byetta, as a replacement for insulin, which induces weight loss and has reversed my diabetes. the speaker advocates low carb, but for those that can't live with such restrictions, seek some decent medical advice. if your doctor isn't versed in this, do a google scholar search for acarbose and byetta and show them the studies knowledge knowledge knowledge...keep it flowing!! (i'll pass this around, thanks) i watched this a year ago but didn't act on it tho i didn't eat carbs freely , i didn't cut them out as much as i should. so now i really need to do this! i'm a brit a retired lady teacher of 63. if anyone who's experienced in keto/diabetic management wants to to message me with a view to being a sponsor/buddy/mentor...i'd be very grateful. most people are \"propaganda programmed\" by the media and eat those things that are not healthy for them. turn off the tv and eat a vegan diet for a few months. excellent information, we need to cut carbs significantly to have healthy lifestyle. i lost 55 pounds in 11 months. dr. halberg said it and everyone here over 40 knows that the obesity and diabetes epidemic began when the food pyramid changed in the '70's. meal size and frequency of meals have also increased. diabetes was treated 100 years ago (before insulin was available) with the diet she recommends. i'm not sure why people refuse to accept this advice and to simply research how people used to eat as compared to how we eat now. when i was growing up, we ate 3 times a day and portions were relatively small. i never felt hungry. the food industry, tobacco industry and most consumer industries engineer food and other products to be addictive. sugar and high fructose corn syrup are two of the worst culprits, but how much 'snack food' do you find waiting for you at the checkout at the grocery store and gas station? i remember when snack food was more beef jerky and slim jims...not quite health food but much better then a candy bar. in north korea people don't have obesity, most likely koreans have some different genome or something . yeah it can't be they're starving under communism hi ted-talks, please review the video itself. as. dr. sarah states: \"can diabetes be cured?, no, 'cured' implies it cannot return, but it can be reversed, so that the patients no longer have type-2 diabetes.\" please update your statement in the video's description and thanks so much for playing this vital talk and being part of the solution to this world's problems. shine your light! plant based for me, smashed hba1c and lipids. keto not for me, eating lots of meat and dairy mage me extremely lethargic, and played havoc with my digestion. lost 18kg in the past year and feel better than i have in 20 years. fiber causes carbs to get digested slowly so they don't cause your insulin to spike. if it is insulin resistance which is causing all the problems than how come exogenous insulin reduces blood sugar levels? too bad if your job is to sell insulin to doctors and chemists! are prescription drugs useful and helpful? yes. in many cases they are, but remember the people making them rely on people needing them. the last thing the drug companies need is people being healthy. interesting presentation. it fails to address the fact that obesity is related to over eating as a substance abuse, not because of hunger. in my friends and i who are obese share the same disease, substance abuse. reduce the carbs/sugars in your diet and eat more healthy fats and proteins. your cravings will go away and your appetite will be reduced. sugar/carbs are keeping you addicted. add the fats and proteins first and then reduce the sugar/carbs. if you will do that first, cutting the carbs/sugars will be shockingly easy. i did this about 9 months ago and lost 20 lbs with pretty much no effort. i'm rarely hungry and my cravings are almost nil. i gave up wheat, sugar and milk and my blood pressure is always around 117/76 every day and i am off the blood pressure meds. i have had this condition since the age of 24 yrs. the wheat we are eating today is not the same as the ones we had when we were kids in the pre 1970's. that's the issue here. much of the foods that are good, are not so today. they're modified, or processed (and still adverted as natural), that causes the problems and doctor visits/medical bills. the simplest and most effective ketogenic diet is part of our evolutionary genetic heritage: periods without food. it's called fasting. read atkins' book from thirty years ago. all of this is in there, but still refuse to give him credit. i'm glad she is pushing \"her\" plan, even if it is atkins. ever wonder why it's called the _food & drug_ administration? if you control the food which makes us sick _and_ the drugs that keep us alive, then you've got all the keys to all the castles... i said \"keep us alive,\" and not \"heal us\"... you're much more valuable if you're sick for many many years... the lifetime subscription plan... please consider us with type 1 diabetes (60 years now since a toddler) never hear any talks on what we face daily. is thee some inspiring research we could be encouraged by?? hi dr i need your help so does she have information about what a healthy meal looks like? something to help us prepare healthy meals? she is pleading and annoying. refreshing and critical information, beautifully presented. i am substantially lowering my carb intake in light of dr. hallberg's talk. thank you! us humans simply weren't designed to eat the way we do in the modern world. actually, we weren't designed to do most of the things we are forced to do in the modern world, forced to do because of this (evolutionarily) new concept of industry. humans weren't designed to sit in front of a computer all day in a little box and eat all day every day in large quantities. the #1 disease we all have is our society and our dependence on modern industrial lifestyles. it's the cause of most mental health diseases too. as long as i can help it, i want as little to do with it as possible. i love this video......thank you! jason fung md (nephrologist) has a great book \"the complete guide to fasting\" which is related to intermittent fasting.reducing overall calories and constricting the time you eat into a 8 hr window and no consumption of calories outside that time.....combined with light exercise and a ketogenic diet - seems to be the soup de jour on this type 2 diabetes epidemic that is systemic due to money - and big sugar blaming fats for what sugar does. 100% whole grain carbs are absorbed totally differently than processed grains. i told this to my db2 father in law and he just blew me off because he says that he gets his blood tested every couple of months and his doctor says that he's okay! yet he's on all kinds of drugs for his condition! that is one doctor that i will never see! this is why we need different names for type 1 and type 2 diabetes. when one can be alleviated just by changing diet, and the other you die within days or hours without insulin, they are clearly not in the same ball park. thanksvery much. it needs to be said. this has made it to 2019 resolutions n hopefully beyond. thank you dr. if this isn't proof enough that there's a war against us, then i don't know what else to possibly say. the fda over the years has given its official seal of approval on a host of processed, non-food food items (read the ingredients of cocoa puffs!!). it approves of harmful chemotherapy therapies that cause more damage to the body. it labels as 'quacks' doctors who seek more natural methods of treatment, even when these work!! is the fda protecting us, or the drug makers?? i think the answer is clear. great advice!! i'm going to start with the right way to eat as from now!! 1/1/2019 i need to loose 50kg !! thank you so much!! regards ron !! tasmania australia !! i want to tell my family about this video. it all makes sense, even without diabetes. now i know why jack sprat's wife would eat no lean. she was a diabetic. no wonder professor jordan peterson looks so good on his no carb diet exactly there is little truth in the statement that doctors get paid for keeping you sick.\nin beginning with \"obama care\" physicians began getting bonuses for preventive care, and improved outcomes.\ni resent the implications of the remark, especially since it is not fact based but driven by a misperception of what doctors do in this day and age! as a physician, one of the primary drivers of carbohydrate consumption that i see, is fatigue. patients are stressed, overworked, and consume carbohydrates to ameliorate the lack of energy , they experience.\nthey also find it hard to find the time they need to exercise daily that they need to reverse the damage done by sitting behind desks at work. i tell my patients eliminate carbs and exercise, don't walk around the block for ten minutes, really exercise and your craving for carbohydrates, and need for medication will be reduced or eliminated. then i seem them in 1 month and i routinely get the same response.i do not have time. the single biggest reason why people eat so much carbs is that the medical community has been advising people to eat carbs for years. this is the funniest ted presentation i have ever seen. this lady has no idea about diabetes. go vegan ohh of course! 12000 years ago all humans were vegans!... wake up! i'm 70 ,, i'm 154 lb, i'm type 2 i get fed-up of people [doctors] spouting off about foods diabetics shouldn't eat and those we should , compelling evidence,may-be ,pie-charts ,graphs and lists that i don't understand,, i'm dyslexic iwould like to seefood on a plate in a kitchen as tho you were selling some new pans, clear and simple,one carrot,two small potatoes in skins, ps how can a woman on a dip in a hospital bed ,,loose weight ????? that what i tell my patients! god bless you dr! you're awesome! ad on youtube prior to this video was for kit kat candy bars hahaha .... targeted ad?.. fail. its about time someone said it. crazy by definition is to continue doing the something over and over and expecting different results. what a great presentation. kudos to you miss sarah... i've been keto for 4 months now and never in my 52 years of life have i felt better. wow why don't you try un-clog your arteries and let the sugar get out of your blood. diabetes has been cured on a strict sugar and fruit diet. it was said a thousand years ago if you guys are going to do keto then do it with if my doctor totally slammed it. she told me to join weight watchers. she claimed that people were having more heart issues and gallbladder systems. ugh, so frustrating! this talk contradicts the talk given by neal barnard. who is right, sarah or neal? avoid unnecessary stress, stress is morr deadly than any diet. glad trump is president so now with the tax cut i can afford to buy healthy foods and avoid diabetes. i went for a physical on 12/06/18 because i was loosing a lot of weight and was always very thirsty on 12/10/18 i got a call from the nurse saying that i had diabetes and that the i needed to go back and see the doctor but the next available appt is for 01/04/19, to make a long story short i started i checked my blood sugar that same day and it was at 320 i started eating a low carb diet gradually my blood sugars have gone down 170 - 140 - 126 - 117 -100 this morning 12/28/18 i checked it when i woke up it is at 89 so low carb diet really works fyi i have also been a bit more physically active not a whole lot, we'll see what she tells me the day of my appt. @not always p c yeah, it can happen that fast. so you \"cured\" your diabetes in 18 days? @roy coto sorry man did not understand you. sehr blod . well done jorge. a great effort. keep up the good work; stay low-carb: you know it works!! jorge flores prueba el ayuno intermitente, toma magnesio y vitamina d, hay un canal donde la informacion es interesante metabolismotv y busca al dr jason fung, con conocimiento diebetes se convierte en un desorden alimenticio y nunca tendras que preocuparte, suerte que estar enfermo apesta en especial cuando es por una tontera como comer mal go vegan and get rid of diabetes are you jewish ? they put something in the watch !!!!!!!!!!!!! this lady rocks, but she's missing something hugely important... it's called vegetables!!! cruciferous and leafy ones, and ones with high potassium content... no fruits!!! vegetables!!! low in sugar!! high in minerals!!! the killer of ketogenic diets is carb cravings!!! the killer of carb cravings is *vegetables!!!* boil some broccoli drain the water out, and dip it in pure real butter and chow down!! replace processed foods with real whole vegetables, and you will never crave carbs again!! you can eat lots of leafy veggies and cruciferous ones and stay in ketosis, and never crave carbs!!! we only need fermented vegetables , the only diet that works completely is a carnivore all meat and fermented foods like raw milk and saurkraut does liver function (igf hormone) play a part in diabetes ? amazing. i have suffered for 30 years with diabetes. do you have any programme i can follow pl? i need help. with your energy any patient will want to follow your words and reclaim their health. pl help me thank you as a fellow tedx speaker let me say , you were outstanding thank you keto + omad/if is the best. it will help you avoid/heal majority of diseases. so eat carbs and up the blood sugar then take medication of insulin to lower blood sugar. round and round we go. perfect scenario to sell disease. plant based diet is way to go. fruits and vegetables eaten in the right proportions. i wish that was true for my wife. she kept losing and losing weight. we tested thinking it was thyroid, guess what her overnight fasting sugar was 365. she dropped to 105, so we tried meds and now is on insulin. she eats carbs and her weight is back up to 117 but the sugars bounce all over the place. cut the carbs and she loses weight. i don't believe it is type 2 but the dr says yes. so we keep trying to find why. now i enjoy indian sweet rice and all the stuff like normal people. i revesed my diabeties living in india look into daves killer bread if you already havnt! there is no strong evidence for whatever she is saying or practicing. there should be some ulterior motive behind all this just to divert that money from \"big pharma\" to her \"health corp\". so, please visit and get treated by a real doctor who really cares about you and follow latest evidence based treatments. guidelines are given only after confirmation of a strong evidence. ignoring guidelines will only harm you.\np.s. she doesn't have an \"md\" as stated above. @ricardo galindo my question is not about being md or not. i'm just saying that why support something which has no strong evidence? why waste our money? one of the rare, true doctors who cares more about her patients than profits love this person. excellent presentation and explanation. i have shared this with friends because i have found the benefits of hflc diet myself as a prediabetic not clear: are fuits and vegetables considered carbs in her definition? can fruits and vegetebles be eaten to reverse diabete? dario benini yes they absolutely can. check out \"forks over knives\" and \"the game changers\" both here on youtube. i like her. wish she was my doc! we sell potted insulin plants (costus igneus), fresh leaves and dried leaves for tea. consuming leaves of this plant and drinking its tea lower blood sugar level, according to research. originally from india with red stems. we are at 364 san agustin vilage, binan (back of southwoods mall) and have pick-up points in makati and paranaque. to order pls text/call 09212333173, 09279424999, (02)7811676, (02)4258714. visit our fb page: insulin plant- binan, makati, paranaque. this is all very good advice, but the diabetes industry is a very large and profitable industry, and they will fight you all the way. i love this woman, telling the truth! the pcrm approach is much more sustainable. intramyocellular lipid is the problem not carbohydrates. are fruits and vegetables bad? wrong, junk carbs and too many carbs are the problem. high glycemic fruits and vegetables are bad. she's a doctor of osteopathy & did a bachelor of kinesiology... fantastic!!! i agree with you totally now!!! yes, keto! thank you the whole world needs many more drs like you 4 letters, 1 word:\nketo fibre tho'. a hormone called cheetos reading all the comments. they still don't know for sure. how many carbs per day is she recommending? carbs per day vary per person. that's one of the reason why she didn't mentioned a specific number.if you exercise, you cannot cut out too much carbs or you'll experience hypoglycemia (low blood sugar). you can experience nausea, lightheartedness, and fatigue from it. if you're curious about how much you should take. express your concern with your primary care physician and ask if they can refer you out to a dietitian. a dietitian can help plan meals specifically to you and your daily need. in addition one should watch dr. jason fung. he provides much better and deeper undersranding on t2 diabetes - how american doctors have failed to treat it and how to really cure it. from what i have learned you can also cure/remove the cause itself, that is, insulin resistance. for that perspective, check out mastering diabetes. dr cyrus khambatta has talks on youtube about how to reverse insulin resistance. well worth a try. i could do this if i were allowed my morning coffee. everyone person on earth should watch this video. thank you. sounds like a modified adkins diet approach. if diabetes does have an upside it does make you an educated label reader at the grocery store. big pharma gunna drop a dead body in this lady house, then call the police. @cutz mcvascular, some people made life heaven i'm surprised ted hasn't spammed this video with \"disclaimer\" warnings all over this. anything alternative that shows to help cure a disease usually does 5.2k people died watching this video ..... i've used an approach involving intermittent fasting along with lower carbs, it does work......no more carb withdrawal headaches....... finally! another doctor who follows a plan like i do! and i do same kind of cooking that you do. food delicious and so satisfying. i also do occasional intermittent fasting which is easy on the keto plan, which is, of course what you're taking about. and no, i didn't have a weight problem before i started doing this. i'm a tad lazy at times as i will enjoy what fruits and vegetables that i want. how can she say cured/reversed whilst concurrently admitting that they would still react badly to normal foods? this is good except that she mentions not eating grains but mentions flax flour (flax is a grain). what she also doesn't mention is that we all have now developed, especially as americans, is a taste for high sugar foods; and that trying to change what one likes the flavor of, is hard. tiered reduction in sugar is easier. i used to drink a lot a pepsi, but i didn't just switch to water (because it has no flavor) and not diet soda (because it just tastes like chemical), i switched to sweetened ice tea (not \"sweet tea\") which has about half the sugar (depending on the brand). now when i drink pepsi it tastes too sweet to me. now i just need to find a good next tier down (thinking a homemade tea using marshmallow root). very good. to take it further - jason fung and fasting.\ndoctors want patients to keep coming back, forever and pharmaceuticals want to sell drugs, forever. so there is no incentive for them to cure anything. that would wreck their business model. they are torturing and killing people low carb has been proven to be ineffective in the long run.\nlook up a mediterranean diet\nim type 2 for 7months now and on a hunt for the cure wrong, i've been doing it for over 10 years and my a1c is 5.1. the answer is plant based, whole food diet! good fats, seeds, nuts, veggies, berries, some fruit, and maybe wild fish once in a whole! i promise this is the cure to disease! most nuts and seeds, some fruits and vegetables don't want to be eaten...proof = anti-nutrients they contain which result in digestive and other health issues for people. refer to dr. steven gundry's work.\nrefer to frank tufano's videos on the subject of nutrient availability in animals vs plants. very nice lecture mam is it safe then to eat fats for diabetic patients? dr. hallberg i love you for this.!!! dr. sarah, today my husband and i started our keto journey! made our day one video and i sure hope as we do follow ups to have some good results and updates! i am v worried about my mother since she is diagnosed with high blood sugar problem. and i dnt want to experiment all this on her. any evidence available where blood sugar is in the range without the use of medications? tedx is amazing. they show you this and you're supposed to believe it. they also show you dr. neil barnard on the exact same subject but with exact opposite opinions and science, and we're supposed to believe it. this is just a clickbait channel trying to get your views. the science really means nothing to them. bye-bye tedx, if that's really your name. i mean your supposed to try it out first. use some sense and see if it works for both approaches. if it does than okay if not then move on. no one said you have to believe it? they're interesting points of view from two different people that may or may not work. i haven't tried either of these. but through testing continuously trying these ideas it'll be close. sarah, you are so 100% on the money! when i was first diagnosed with diabetes i was told to see a dietician. bad move. this woman told me to have a big serve of cereal for brakfast....have several slices of bread and two portions of fruit per day. this has turned out to be the worst possible advice. dietitians should be sued for malpractice.\ni have found if i stick to a strict keto diet my blood sugar levels normalize and my insulin requirements are drastically reduced. on top of that my sugar cravings disappear.\nthere seems to be malpractice on a huge scale by even the diabetes associations. after watching ,two burger this is complete scientific bunkum used to support a fad diet proven to increase heart disease. this woman is not a medical dr she is an osteopath quack how refreshing. a doctor helping her patients. keto folks, it really works! a++ talk. you just validated what i told one of my brother-in-laws who has type 2 diabetes. i gave him nearly the same advice. six months later he is close to not needed insulin on a daily basis, he feels great and he is loosing weight. i was on the right track, just needed a small tuning to my plan. thanks much! my friend advised this \"vnj fivu\" (google it) for my weight and diabetic issues. i'd been following a rigid workout and diet regime. after 1 day on the diet plan my own blood sugar levels was decrease about thirty five points, and by day 4 it was decrease about 60 points. it's been effective for me. i am so pleased which i was able to stabilize my blood sugar.. she looks like the scarecrow from mario rpg, why is that? i have type 2 diabetes and eat everything!! i ignore the blood sugar score and do as i please. hey, you only live once!!!! i feel great!!! yowwwww!! you have been indoctrinated to defend one of these fictional stories:\n1) the jesuits, invented big bang, spaceballs and you an ape like creature who requires the consumption of flesh and blood.\n2) the jesuits, instruct you to obey god in heaven for he has given you every clean and unclean animal to be your food. my uncle in his 60 now was diagnosed as type 2 diabetic mid 2015 so he did all the right things with his diet and had it under control so it was not getting no worse for him. his son got him the fitbit charge 2 (april 2017) and that was the start of him doing more exercise. at the start of this year(2018) he ask if he could join me doing 10k steps per day and i was happy for him to join in. he was on two metformin. few months in 2018 the diabetic nurse was happy for him to cut down to just one a day and see how his body deals with it. on his next appointment nothing got better but at the same time nothing got worse. diabetic nurse suggested he could stop taking metformin so he did and on his last diabetic appointment he was surprise/shock that he no longer a type 2 diabetic. the only variable in all this is the walking/exercise. as he started controlling his diet from the time he was told he type 2 diabetic. from the time he got his fitbit 2 and then started walking most days with me in summer 2018 that help him kick being type 2 diabetic. he going to continue to see the diabetic nurse for the next few years just to keep a eye on everything. if a man in his 60 can beat type 2 then i think any person can. toning up muscles you already have plays a massive part in beating type 2 diabetic. start getting better but health by taking plexus. the slim was made for diabetics. dr sarah. what do you think of dr neal barnhard who says we have to stop eating meat to be healthy and drop blood sugar ?? that it's ok to eat rice and pasta if it's topped with veggies? thank you she forgot another reason: carbs often taste good, especially sugars! i work in a nursing home. the diet for diabetes is \"consistent carbohydrate \" just carbs with every meal. and the snack suggestions are all processed carbs. blows my mind it's crazy really. patients just can't heal that way. thankfully a lot more medical professionals are now becoming more open and educated. 16:55 \"many agenda's involved\" (globalists succeeding in genocide) i am a healthy old fellow .... sorry youtube i can't let you make money of me. i visit japan and have japanese friends. when i tell them the medication that i take to keep healthy according to my us doctor. they laugh in disbelief and talk about the hold that american pharma mafia has on population. people are fooled as this doc says into believing that medications are extending their life.\nwe keep electing the same legislatures distracted by their venom spitting, faith fighting, caravans, fighting and distracted from our real problems. it is a rich men/women world. reminds me of alien 1 movie ... ahhh have a stomach ache .... ooooopppsss im one of the rare people who are thin but have type 2 diabetes. will keto make me lose even more weight? jared young no. i lost four pounds only. i am thin too. can somebody confirm who has used her advice and has lowered the blood sugar. i work for a uk based pharmaceutical giant and would need some confirmations before trying her advice. my current sugar is fasting 226 and pp 424. i am taking medications but it has become stagnant between 224 and 300 random. lenore paletta yeah.. thank you pawan kumar virta health has the studies with proof of the work she is doing with t2d. i wish she'd talk in a normal tone, instead of squeaking overexcitedly... call it what it is ....hyperinsulinemia! this will force you to cut the carbs. when she said we don't need any carbs to live i clicked away wtf is she telling these people! god damn keto narrative if we do need carbs to live, how is it that so many people eat a strict keto diet and are thriving without them? i work out and have lost 40 lbls, and my sugar is going higher! my meals daily are in morning oatmeal, no sugars, around 10 am a piece of whole bread with some peanut butter on it, around 2 some spinach with cream of chicken poured on it and around 5 pm, a baked turkey patty and around 9 /10 pm another piece of whole wheat bread with peanut butter, i am depressed about this as the dr's are urging shots i think i woudl rather be dead than to live that way it's the oat mil lots of carbohydrates ok so i'm gonna break it down for you, the oatmeal, bread, cream of chicken, and surprisingly enough the peanut butter are all serious sources of carbs. two you should not be eating so late at night unless you have the condition of sunrise sugar (basically your liver spikes your sugars during the night cause they fall too low)---what are you drinking. if it isn't water then you need to include that in what you are eating carb-wise zeb doz i read in comments on some other video that a bowl of oatmeal is nothing but a bowl of sugar .\nsuggest avoiding oatmeal , also bread . roast rice in a little ghee or butter then cook and eat for better results this is amazing information dr berg said the exact same thing. everything she is saying right on message!! her message has more weight since she is a physician. just imagine if more people listen & acknowledge the underline truth lots of cookies & donuts store on a every street corner will be out of business, which they should, because in the name of humanity's free will, folks all walks of life are dying slowly & prematurely due to obesity complications after years of daily poor choice of carbohydrates consumption \" don't be fooled, there is a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick \" that sums it all @col roulette we could stop eating and drinking entirely and live on water for 3 days at a time, oh wait it's called fasting, it's biblical. @col roulette ya i'd rather have my health. we don't get fooled again, @homemade math scammer! i wish she hadn't said intake of carbohydrates is not essential .... ok by definition. great, you will go on living but not without a toll on your kidneys and glucose is the preferred energy source for your brain. intake of 20g per day should be considered bare minimum as stated by aspen for proper brain function. okay don't eat simple sugars like breads. fantastic do not cut of vegetables!!! we do know we need all the colors!! have a great day!! -registered dietitian. i watched this about a year ago. i went on the keto journey and i'm watching this again. it make a lot more sense now. great information. thank you very much dr.sarah hallberg for the right lecture..why all doctors not the same.. and more importend thinks for diabetes is sports.. like walking and weightlifting.. i reversed type 2 diabetes 2 weeks ago how? im literally dying at 44yr old. islamisthecultofsin j flip the food pyramid.\neat more high good fats and eat very low carb and do intermittent fasting +lumabi tumpang do what the doctor said. i stopped all sugar and carbs and ate bean soup, lentil soup and chili and the diabetes reversed. when we were in the hospital and nursing homes, it confounded me that they would bring all kinds of carbs, sugar drinks and even ice cream. how? please share what youve done to cure it avoid d'agostino there is no meaning in beating around the bush.\nno medical science could so far make artificial blood.\nhuman bodies have different blood groups,\nand as such, the insulin so produced in different blood groups got to be of different groups.\nwhat i mean to say is this . the insulin is so complicated and as such no medical science can ever make original insulin .\nthe insulin so injected into human body is not original and as such our body donot accept it. this is called insulin resistance.\nsugar is a combination of glucose, fructose and galactose.\nhow can you say blood glucose is blood sugar ?\nif so will you say sodium is called salt (na cl)\nso also, hydrogen is not water (h2o).\nexcess salt and excess sugar is drained out from body through urine .\nthere fore if urine sugar (excess blood sugar )is a disease,\nyou got to create another disease called blood salt.\nyour invention and treatment is so unscientific .\nwhy the type 2 diabetics is called insulin resistance?\nyou dont say type 1 as insulin resistance.\na type 2 diabetic patient has already seen original insulin and as such the artificial insulin is not accepted by type 2 body .\n9400622546 (india). much respect to dr. sarah. the world would be a much better place with more m.d.s like her.\ni do not take any medicines... none, since the 70's! almost 50 years without any pharmaceutical drugs. in perfect health, bmi = 22, i basically live on 1 meal a day, only organic, no processed food, about 50 years without any soft drinks.\nif more people would understand how effective is intermittent fasting and longer fasts...\nthe best healing method fore any disease is actually the easiest and cheapest... fasting!\nwhoever is reading here check dr. jason fung and dr. thomas seyfried videos on yt. wonderful in one word i wish i could meet u for your advice. wish u stay happy for ever i will follow u. tc she is fantastic. this lady is dangerous spreading these lies! the diet is not sustainable as the consequences will unquestionably lead to cardiovascular disease. nevermind the fact that the people who live the longest in the world eat carbohydrates!!! @peter rabitt if what she is saying is dangerous and wrong, how is it that peoples major health indicators move in the right direction when on keto? if they were following doctors advice with respect to their eating prior to keto with no improvement, and saw big improvements on keto with no other major lifestyle changes, how is this explainable? john d yes thank you for pointing this out!! she doesn't even differentiate between refined and complex carbs!! ugh, hard to listen with all that obnoxious vocal fry. does this also work with type 1 diabetes? because i can go 24 hours without eating and my blood sugar will go up between 300 to 500. i thought literally starving myself to death would make my blood sugars go low, but i guess not for type 1. i guess why they say its the worse of the 2 types of diabetes. this joker is not a medical doctor, she is an osteopath! very weak on biochemistry amazing. i didn't hear a word said in the first minute; what is she wearing?! extra amazing side effect that i experience every time i do low carb: greater brain focus and no mid afternoon nap time that is because you were eating bad carbs. don't be afraid to eat carbs, they just have to be low gi carbs. i would like that since my \"required\" napping is causing difficulty going to sleep at night i agree \"stop\" consuming \"sugar, which also leads to cancer too......! also .the body language is very aggressive - actually combative - again, she presents in the manner of an angry child - just lacks credibility. the content of her message may be valid - in fact it probably is - especially the part about eating real food and avoiding or reducing carbs. however, when the person is speaking in childish, shrill tone of voice, making childish facial expressions and hammering her right arm up and down faster than a polish roofing installer --- we have a credibility problem. this woman has an annoying tone of voice and she has no control over her facial expressions when she speaks. killing her credibility. in a nutshell, she presents and speaks like my 12 year old niece. diabetes is a huge industry for pharmas, services and docs like this person. bottom line - exercise and change the diet hmm.... excess carb is never recommended. like foods with high glycemic index is advised to be taken in moderation. so also refined food stuff. vegetables are recommended because they produce a sense of satiety. no hunger feelings. no spike in blood glucose levels due to their fibre contents. then there are drugs which reduce absorption of glucose. but will they affect the complications. problem with gluconeogenesis is loss of amino acids which are the building blocks of our body. we need carbs to spare the amino aminoacids.or else we will loose our muscles and a catabolic state will supervene. energy requirements needs to be met with carbs. they are more efficient than proteins and fats. if you look at the research, from dr diagostino you will see that keto diet is protein sparing. lack of vitamin d and sunshine another cause. that's by melissa ramesh kumaran actually, genetics is the scientific cause of type 2 diabetes. hypercaloric meals must be the cause which causes neutrophilic infiltration of the gut. inflammation of islet cells. then circadian rhythm alteration increased light exposure. craving for food is due to inflammation of hypothalamus. diet cokes and junk food changes our oral skin and gut microbes which protects us. pancreatic inflammation is followed by systemic inflammation which causes inflammation elsewhere like atherosclerosis. this message to all mothers to stop giving sugary drinks, candies, too much of sugary pop. eating any food or drinks made with cane sugar as a very young age is addictive. just as a drug, smoking is addictive, so is sugar which ultimately leads to obesity (70% of white americans are obese and 90% of blacks are obese) at age 2, then by age 10 to type 2 diabetics. i have watched type 2 just collapse, hurt and bruised. type 2 leads to extreme pain in the legs swelling and leads to both legs amputations and kidney failure. why not startavoiding sugary food (cakes, pastries, cookies) early in life. every mother and school teacher should teach all children the danger, a killer by drinking too much sugar. all addiction starts with the first candy, cigarette, marijuana, drug and, pills. i cut carbs and sugar and lost over 50 pounds in 3 months every one eat now camicals added vegitable and other all king of foods so dr. have good benifits from it taking and put people in more and more truble the vast majority of (all mighty) doctors base their opinion and views on what academia has told them. i prefer results over an indoctrination that's probably biased (frederick stare). any idea of dr. hallberg thoughts on legumes (beans and lentils and such) that are higher in carb but have protien? linda walmer don't need them. 8 years of high blood sugar and bad diabetes advice from the standard american medical community. then i found wellness medicine and was introduced to the anti-inflammatory/low glycemic/organic whole foods eating lifestyle. one year later, my blood sugar a1c is now normal. in fact, my blood sugar daily readings became normal after only 1 week! sending big raspberries out to the handful of md's who told me i couldn't live without meds. ;-) is there any other doctors/dieticians here that are in raleigh, north carolina that would be willing to help me with this no carb lifestyle? i'm in pretty rough shape atm, blood sugar and weight of of control and i could use some guidance before it's too late... tbh i don't think i have much longer the way it's going and idk what to do... tim boles dr. eric westman. i like mcdonald's i had one of the most physically demanding jobs you could imagine. 8 hours a day all i did was push,pull,lift, and go up and down 20 feet of stairs. i did that plus went to the gym and lifted rigorously. i started to develop chest pains (which turned out to be the pectoral and shoulder muscles) and the doctors stuck me on propranolol for blood pressure. propranolol mimics hypoglycemia when you haven't eaten much. one year on propranolol and they tricked me and said i'm type 2 diabetic and prescribed me metformin. i asked one doctor if i could reverse it with diet and exercise? he told me that, \"if i didn't take it i was going to die.\" so when i saw my np i asked her why she hadn't told me i was type 2 diabetic? she said that all my chart said is my h1ac was just under 7 at my last check...this is our medical industry....the same doctor who said i was diabetic also prescribed me hydrochlorothiazide...which raises blood sugar!!! coincidence? my buddy suggested this \"vnj fivu\" (google it) for my weight and diabetic issues. this informative guide has shared me the optimal exercise as well as diet program to follow. i was able to reduce thirty-five points from my blood sugar levels after a day on the diet program. after four days, i lost 60 points from my blood glucose levels. that worked well, however, and that i felt great. i am happy that my blood sugar is a lot better now... the american diabetes association is the worse place to get advice. dr berg, dr fung, thomas delauer, slim land, butter bob, cole robinson, i could go on and on with more sources of info on youtube and the internet.\nfasting, intermittent fasting, low carbs, cut out sugar, organic healthy whole foods. you can cure most health problems by changing your lifestyle. she takes nearly 20 minutes to tell us to eat low carbs to address diabetes. doesn't everyone already know this? the time would be better spent detailing which foods are low carb. doctors like her are so rare. they need to unlearn and start over. don't do a low carb diet. i have tried it and it ruined my wardrobe. nothing fits now because i lost weight. i have to spend so much money on new smaller sized clothes. dont buy new clothes. alter the ones you have. it's way cheaper... for those that say it's not cured or in remission or things like that... well, then everybody is a diabetic in remssion not just diagnosed folks. the answer is clear, no carbs and it's not conspiratorial when the medicine industry agenda is brought up... 250 billion dollars per year, think about that massive amount of money. i was just watching that food pyramid from the 50's that said most of your diet should consist in bread lol. thing is, the medicine industry is also very pompous in general and they would take a huge hit on their ego, especially academia. fortunately, the internet is making it easier for doctors like hallberg to go against the flow, and not just her, many doctors are finally catching up and speaking up against the 250 billion dollars per year machinery. i love this. \"carbs are not an essential ingredient\". no more strawberries, bananas, and vegetables. bacon, oil and steaks 4ever. thank you so much. very inspirational. we need to educate the rural asian, south american populations to eat more healthy. thanks for the video! forgive me for chiming in, i am interested in your initial thoughts. have you considered - patlarny sugar outcome principle (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is a great one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some awesome things about it and my gf after many years got great success with it. great video clip! forgive me for the intrusion, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you ever tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (do a google search)? it is a great one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my cousin at very last got amazing success with it. this is amazing! she is spot on and the certified diabetes counselors are making money to teach people to eat carbs and how is that diet working? according to her numbers, it is making them worse. they are all in bed together, the government, pharmaceuticals, and diabetes association, it is all based on keeping diabetes type 2 going so they can make money. one thing she mentioned that blew me away was that the medication lowers blood sugar which, in turn, causes one to crave more carbohydrates, which causes the disease to worsen, also increasing need for more medication, increasing $$$ going to the drug companies. excellent video content! forgive me for butting in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you considered - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for reversing diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some incredible things about it and my cooworker at very last got amazing results with it. sounds like a keto diet ad. after years of taking fasting glucose with normal readings i was declared prediabetic according to my very first a1c test. tried very strict keto with intermittent fasting. no weight loss, no change in a1c. went on calorie restriction and promptly lost 20 lbs down to normal weight for my size. still no change in a1c. my normal long time diet is whole foods, minimal simple carbs, dessert maybe once per month, no pop in 40 years. healthier diet than 80% of the populace. kept my weight down, ate even more healthy for several years. no change in a1c. dr was asleep at the wheel readying to make a major diagnosis based on one data point. fed up with a1c, i switched back to fasting glucose test. 3 tests in 3 months...all normal.with over 100 being too high, i scored 82,86, & 98. i realized after 2nd test that i may have biased the results because my fast exceeded 8 hours. final test scored 98 after 8 hr 15 min fast. no prediabtes! since then i took crp test to measure inflammation. it measured very low inflammation which is an equally improbable result since i have two autoimmune disorders - hypothyroid & bxo. either the theory about inflammation causing illness is bs or the test is! literature on the crp test confirms this. you have to take multiple tests and average the results together. very scientific!\nmy takeaway? do not trust bloodwork! i accept no major diagnoses without multiple data points confirming it and some data has to be not lab work. look for old fashioned things like xrays, symptoms etc. i note, amidst covid, that articles on the best of the many diagnostic tests are written in terms of which test is least inaccurate rather than which is best. one has to wonder with the large percentage of people testing covid positive but never getting sick...is this number for real or is it just a big batch of false positives because blood test result accuracy is so sketchy? do not take some guys word on the state of your health just because he has a white coat. physician error is the third most common cause of death in usa! think for yourself! do your own research! get second opinions. don't trust lab work alone! rant over! in many patients, it has been observed that keto diet has cured the cancer. making cancer cell deprived of glucose and forcing them to do apoptosis. while human cells switch to beta oxidation (an alternative to generate atp ). explained so well excellent video.. i sent this video to a friend with diabetes 3 years ago. didn't think about it for myself. i started getting sick and researched the internet for answers and found dr. berg. he explains the keto diet and i've been on it for over a year. i'm blessed that these doctors are now coming out with the truth. yes i have an allergy to carbs. my good friend proposed this \"vnj fivu\" (google it) for my weight and diabetic issues. i had been following a rigid fitness and diet plan. i was able to decrease thirty-five points from my blood glucose levels right after a day on the diet system. right after four days, i lost sixty points from my blood glucose levels. that worked well, having said that, and i felt great. i'm happy that my blood glucose is better now... one thing i think she did not emphasis is eating lots of vegetables for the 10-20 % carbs. you can eat to get the vitamins needed and to feel full @ranodeep seth and yet eating a lot of high sulphur food, which is what red meat is.. which causes issues for some people. white meat is a lot healthier than red. it's a load of bollocks. literally. @nappy scribe downshiftology on here is a good channel. @ranodeep seth you don't get short-chain amino fatty acids that come from fiber fermentation in the jejunum. turns out that's a big lie too. there are zero essential nutrients exclusive to plant sources. also, bioavailability(nutrient absorption) is very low from plant sources. there's other issues too like autoimmunity and fiber being problematic.\nhere's a fact: if u eat nothing but beef only, you're getting more nutrients than 95% of the population.\npeople who have been on a carnivore diet(meat only) for years have the best blood biomarkers ever seen in humans. yes. i am on keto and eat over a pound of veggies a day and always am under 30 grams of carbs. the diet is very nutrient dense, super healthy. there is no cure; only remission ada is in bed with big pharma! they are still teaching in high school that low carb or keto diets are fad diets....i had cancer and i started the low carb keto diet and within a week, my hair stopped falling out, it was falling out by the handfuls, my fibromyalia went away and i had more energy and my narcolepsy was pretty much gone, i lost 50 lbs in a few months without exercise. but you do have to watch you don't get too much protein . i ate a lot of pork rinds instead of high carb snacks. and veggies and meat and coconut oil , milk and flour, and replaced my rice with cauliflower, i put in my food processor, , everything changes on this diet , and because you get enough to eat its a diet i could stay with, believe me , me and food are in a relationship. but the right foods is the difference. ancel keyes (k~rations are named after him!) is the one who falsely represented his research findings to the aha who then convinced the 180 member international nutrition council to create the food pyramid with carbs being the biggest segment of it and fats (which btw our brain needs to thrive!) minimilized! you cannot reverse your diabetes. you may be able to lower your blood sugar, but you will always have the disease, and will die early because of it. it is damaging your body, damaging your liver, and gives you increased cancer risk. idiots love to stay ill and to be affraid of positive information. like you are telling them:\"there is a door to get out of the prison\" and they answer : \" you are lying- it cannot be any door\" . well...that's why i call them idiots. prednisone was utilized to treat my pneumonia, nonetheless, the medication also stimulated the increase of my blood glucose levels which resulted in diabetes. at that time, my a1c is 10.1, which is extremely high. thankfully, i have read about this straightforward guide \"vnj fivu\" (google it). i have undergone a retesting 2 months later and the final result implies that (my a1c had decreased to 6.8 simply .3 above normal).. *here is the fastest method to cure diabetes: diabetescure3weeks. com* my son is type 1. while this will not cure type 1, it is a lot easier to treat a low carb diet. blows my mind how this can have 5k dislikes...makes so much sense! thank you very much she's a quack. big thumbs down. @pup 100 make sure you have your things in order, last will & testament etc it worked for me? omg, at first i was shocked that tedx would ever put on this quack, when they have had so many whole food plant based vegan doctors on in recent years. and then i saw it. this was in 2015, and this is 2015 thinking, as is the generic use of the word, \"carbs\" if this was the answer, people wouldnt be reversing type 2 diabetes on a wfpb diet. science now - thankfully - tells us that fruits, vegetables, and whole grains are wonderful. carbohydrates only are a problem after the cells have been full to burst with....fats. not plant fats, but saturated animal fats. . quinoa, oatmeal, and some homemade and a few commercial breads, barley, millet and all the other single whole grains. maybe dont eat too many bananas or dates and dried fruits - everyone is different in their fruit intake. but most have no issues.\ndr. neal barnard is the man. he will tell you the truth. he is not only an md, but he founded and heads pcrm - physicians commitee for responsible medicine., which successfully sued, i believe it was the egg board for dishonest health informationin food labeling.\ni am so glad this old thinking is on its way out. other wfpb mds to check out include, dr t. colin campbell, dr, essylsten, dr. garth davis, dr. michael klaper, dr. dean ornish, dr. michael greger, dr. joel fuhrman, dr. joel kahn, dr. kim williams, dr, milton mills...and thousands of others. i only know that what she says works. might not be for everyone, but it works for me. godspeed on your journey to health. @peter rabitt so do you still go blind, and lose limbs while on the keto diet? @peter rabitt why would they eat sweet potato? wouldn't they keep eating the diet that kept their diabetes in check? but then again your mother cured her diabetes by eating sweet potato, so maybe they can eat sweet potato and get the same result. this vegan religion is getting scary. and of course nothing you said is based on actual science. but sure, pretend that it is. but please stop recommending human killing advice to save animals. @peter rabitt congratulations on your mothers' cure, but maybe there is more than one way to cure this horrible illness. i can attest to this. i was diagnosed with diabetes when i was 23 and i actually reversed it with a no low carb diet. i only ate meats, eggs, cheese, and lettuce. i don't recommend doing exactly what i did without checking with a doctor like this because i actually got blind spot migraines after about 4 or 5 months. gl to whoever. insulin levels rise when you eat carbs and have lots of fast-acting fuel in your blood, but it causes hunger? this makes literally no sense. now what's more probable, your body's regulatory system making no sense, or this talk? this is only working because people who have lived their whole life like slobs watch their macros for the first time in their life, and lose weight. i'd love to make a study where i reverse diabetes by having obese people go on a cocain diet. would probably work. great ted talk - thank you. my father has type 2 diabetes and i am trying to get him off of his medication now. robdrums studios how's it worked out so far? stop using medicine to treat food...best statement i have ever heard raw vegan keto is best thank youvery helpful. if obesity is a hormonal disease why is it much more common in the united states than any other western country? bodies are jacked up bc of the hormones in the animal carcasses eaten...the farm industry is jacked up in the usa.... if you have never seen what the health...its free on youtube...it explains in-depth she is 100% wrong. google dr neal bernard. this angers me bcz she is killing people. you're exactly right! this lady is completely insane and killing people with her advice and she knows no better i easily lost 40 pounds doing this. went back to eating like a moron for a while and will resume doing this. despite my huge weight, the 2 year period of low carb lifestyle has my heart and veins and trigs and fats and liver in amazing shape - like a 30 year old and most 30 year olds are twice as bad as me for all levels. dropping the weight again and forever because i've tried every amazing food america has offered me now that i'm no longer a broke guy. the dream of a poor kid fulfilled - now, on to the next dream. great information, thanks! i'm obese, and i damn well know it's my fault and only my fault. this is the second ted talk i've watched on diabetes. sadly, neither one even mentioned metabolic syndrome. (metabolic syndrome is the cycle of insulin resistance leading to increased production of insulin to control blood sugar levels. the problem is, high insulin levels damage the eyelet cells in the pancreas that produce the insulin. when you can no longer produce enough insulin to control the sugar, you are diabetic.) dr. hallberg appears to offer a sound approach to reduce the need for insulin and that's great, because less insulin reduces the damage to the eyelet cells. carbs however, are not the root cause, the insulin resistance of the muscle cells is a step closer to the root, but what triggers that resistance in some people, but not others? the other ted speaker i watched pointed to intracellular lipids as causing the resistance to rise, but that still doesn't give us the trigger. until a way is found to reverse the insulin resistance, we are just managing, not curing.\nedit: i should have made it clear, that it's not the insulin itself that damages the eyelet cells, but some as yet unidentified byproduct of insulin resistance. high levels of blood glucose are of course bad all on their own, but the damage to the pancreas is what eventually robs our bodies of the ability to manage glucose, and high insulin levels are an indicator that damaging levels of the byproduct are present. managing the disease without getting too scientific is a reasonable course of action that most people should understand. i just need to find a motivator, someone i can call a friend to convince me and remind me to do this each and everyday, i know i can do it if i can just find the motivation. i don't want to die an early death like my parents did, but having depression and anxiety and adhd make it difficult. i want to feel good again great video. for a while there i was thinking this doc didn't have the ovaries to mention the money factor and how it benefits a whole lot of people to keep us sick...but she had ovaries the size of basketballs at the end. (i'm sure she figured she could avoid the sniper fire at least up to the end lol). exploring \"vnj fivu\" (google it) will allow you to cure diabetes and get a healthy lifestyle. my has been using this program consistently for more than forty-five days. he has been reliant to insulin for 5 years in his six year long struggle against type 2 diabetes. considering that reading through this plan and also sticking to the program he's eating better everyday & everyday.. to those that say diabetes is not reversed because the patient still cannot eat carbs: that's like saying that a drowning person's condition is not reversed by removing the water that surrounds them; if re-immersed in water they will begin drowning again. in just the same way if the diabetic is re-immersed in carbs, they will begin suffering from the effects of diabetes again. but removing carbs reverses the condition. it doesn't cure the condition but it reverses it.\nremember that part of the definition of type 2 diabetes is that it is a progressive disease. removing carbs not only can halt the progression but can reverse the effects. tissues may become healthy again, blood sugars normalise, medication can be reduced or eliminated altogether. if that's not reversal then what is it? even if you control your blood glucose to normal range you didn't revert your diabetes. you may have better insulin sensitivity, weight less etc. but as soon you eat lots of candy or other junk your blood sugar would be sky high pretty quickly, this wouldn't happen with normal person who doesn't have dm2. also as soon as the doctor diagnoses you have have dm2, that diagnosis will stay there forever. so it's not reverted, it's just better controlled, not to mention just having dm2 is with good blood glucose levels you have higher inflamatory in your body, which will cause problems in the long run reversal would be that they could eat sugar/carbs without issue, just like everyone else who doesn't have diabetes. i think a better example would be someone who doesn't know how to swim. if they jump into the deep end of the swimming pool (a regular carb-based diet), they will drown, so the best thing for their health & wellbeing is to stay out of it (medications would be like spending money on floating devices). now that person is not the same as a person who knows how to swim, but perhaps the new diet is like stepping into the shallow end of the pool, where they can safely teach their bodies how to \"swim\" again, and eventually add carbs back into their diet? either way, it seems like a no-brainer to try it, because even if all you're doing is easing the symptoms, you're at least not suffering anymore! in a nutshell, type 2 diabetes is caused by consuming too much carbs and sugar, and can be reversed by not eating so much carbs and sugar. it's that simple. it is not easy to stop eating carbohydrates.\nif it was that easy, i agree she is right.\ndoctors always tell patients to eat less carbs. about 1800 cal. diet per day\nshe is saying the same which doctors have been saying for 25 years me to a \"t\" i kept track and i'm telling you, that was toooooo many carbs for me. i don't know why they suggest that many. diagnosed type 2 diabetes 6 weeks ago with a1c of 9, immediately started 2000 calorie/100g carb per day lifestyle with 1000 mg metformin a day. my diet is not keto. i've monitored for ketosis and not there and don't want to be. i want to be close to ketosis but not quite there. fasting glucose down to 110-125 within six weeks. most of limited carbs i've been eating coming from fruits-grapefruit and fresh berries. no processed bread-have made pizza with unprocessed whole grain crusts bought from health food store. some brown rice, but not much. zero processed foods. maybe too many eggs, because i'm eating 4 a day. will monitor lipids, but find large no carb breakfast gets me through day without food cravings and without fatigue midday. lunch is handful of nuts and cup of mix fresh strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. only downside is that all fresh foods diet can get expensive. losing weight as well. wow why can't people help people yes it's a hormonal disease....but it's self inflicted! insulin resistance and finally pancreatic dysfunction is caused by repeated blood sugar spikes from an unhealthy and uncontrolled intake of simple sugars! btw, you're either being insincere or are the most naive doctor in existence. you made the statement \"don't treat a food problem with medicine.\" medicine is used by your profession to treat any and every malady with no regard for causation. treatment is the word of the day, never cure. why? there's no money in cures. there's no money in prevention. my husband was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes several years ago. upon diagnosis he immediately started losing weight, eating low carb, and exercising regularly. he's lost 60 pounds and his blood sugar never has highs or lows. but he is still diabetic. and there is not a single doctor that he has been to who has said he would be cured of his diabetes if he stopped eating carbs. we understand that carbs aren't good for diabetics, but low carb didn't magically make him non-diabetic. of course, i eat all the same things and i haven't lost any weight, which probably means that a different sort of diet would work better with my body (and i'm not diabetic), but that's how it goes i guess. obesity is not a disease it is a poor life style choice. absolutely brilliant, but over here in the uk i have just spoken to a type ii diabetic who said he already knew that a ketogenic diet could rid him of his diabetes but he said it was too much effort and anyway his medicine didn't cost him anything! why? because we have a socialist medical system so he has no incentive to get off the meds because he just sees the system paying for and fixing everything (at my expense as a taxpayer!). so why other people's get way with it without get diabetes. i live with my brothers eating same food. i developed diabetes while they didn't. companies started to kill people becoz people don't know anything what they use for produce products bs !!! check a1c often & stay on a very low carbs diet then as she said practically ''0'' ..... u'll be sure of the latent diabetes onset . people are eating way too many carbs !!! so its the diet & life style pattern ! disappointing...never mentioned the difference between carbs and refined carbs...basically poor low carb propaganda kill drug mafia and live like a boss as sarah says growing up in the 80s i watched my grandma eat to control her diabetes. this information was known and how we lost it needs it's own ted talk. so\nk how do the poor do this @lady love you ignored my list of countries with the highest prevalence big diabetes. the usa has only 43. many poorer countries were higher. diabetes is highest in areas where large amounts of processed carbohydrates are eaten. either respond with proof or something at least fact based. otherwise you are wasting my time. @jason turner loooooool x @lady love thirdly, this presenter and others aren't complaining so much about yams. it's mainly vast over consumption of grains and sugars @jason turner \"poorer areas\" so you mean in rich countries where \"the poor\" still buy ready made fried chicken. those poor will all get diabetes.\nglobally, \"poor\" by the billion, still live on staples carbs white rice, beans, yam.\nno diabetes x @lady love you are joking, right? the poorer areas have an diabetes epidemic oh my god, getting up on stage telling people to do the exact opposite of what they should be doing... criminal. she's so typical of western doctors, never looking at the cause of the problem. all she is doing is trying to control the symptoms which is not helping her patients at all -- they're still diabetic, they've only had reduced symptoms because of the elimination of carbs. now she's taxing their kidneys, liver, and clogging up their arteries -- bravo, they'll be back with kidney and liver disease and high blood pressure and a whole host of other problems. typical of western doctors? despite promoting a totally different diet than official dogma? has official dogma cured diabetes? no. it's higher than ever low carb improves kidney and liver function. but some do have to watch the balance of saturated to unsaturated fats. lots of manufacturers with \"skin in the game\" are fear mongering. what should we be doing? she looks overweight to me. her arms and thighs seem flabby. i feel bad for her husband i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and immediately went on to a low carb diet, no grains, no potato, no rice or pasta. i thought it would be hard to do but actually, you get used to this diet really fast. at my first hba1c 3 monthly blood test, i was back down to normal levels of blood glucose. sarah is absolutely correct, this diet works. i am living proof. facts no one is on the right page\nthank you\ngbt-111. you never get rid of diabetes, once you have it, you have it for life. even if you go into remission. in think the most important thing she mentioned was that the body has no requirement for carbs, the body can make it on its own with other macro-nutrients. if your allergic to peanuts, do you keep eating peanut butter, and then jab an epi pen into your body so you don't die. thats pretty much what modern medicine has been doing with diabetes care. i am down 130 pounds, and about to break through the no longer diabetic barrier in my next blood test. this woman is a hero for all she has put herself through for us. awesome! diagnosed with t2 june 14th '22 a1c 6.7 glucose 110. i'm trying to educate myself as best i can to reverse this. best comment, i'm saving this to quote and share @rrreshi anyone can undergo ketosis. if you fast for a day, your body naturally will make glucose and use ketones for energy, hence ketosis. see it all the time when a urinalysis shows presence of ketones in a nondiabetic, it's usually because they've been fasting.\nketoacidosis is progression of ketosis where when distilled down, you get literal blood ph acidification (which comes from a cascade of actions: overproduction of ketones, adrenalin, cortisol & rise or further rising of blood sugar as a result and that starts the vicious cycle all over again. type 1 diabetics are the ones typically identified as the high risk group for this but type 2 diabetics can get this though they typically don't have blood ph acidification and experience a condition called hyperglycemic hyperosmolar nonketotic syndrome. that is awesome! congratulations. just got told i got type ii diabetes today. im here for answers, or any help. there are thousands of comments, so this has probably been asked. is it possible dr. hallberg uses the word \"carbohydrate' when what she means (more precisely) is \"starch\"? the recommended diet includes many vegetables, which are carbohydrates. grains are starches, so what she most wants us to cut back is starch. right? is it too late for me ?\ni was told i was type2 8 years ago. i was about 280lb 6ft tall. it was high the doc told me i need to lose weight. he put me on 1k mg metformi a day. i started to ride bike and lost 40 pounds in 3 months. doc reduced my metformin to 500mg a day. but i kept the weight off but my eating habits have been up and down and now i am on 2k metformin a day for 5 years now. i am very afraid. i have a 6yo and i don't want to die soon. you see a few months ago i finally went back to doctor i had lost my insurance and did not go for over a year. i tested high -med i had not been daily testing because no matter what i try my tests are like 180 245. even 3 months ago i tried really hard to eat better and exercise a little and i was so excited to show the doctor i was doing better. but! she said i was a tiny bit worse than 3 months ago. i gave up i feel like now i might need insulin as the metformin doesn't seem to help. i am going to try one more time to eat even better and exercise on stationary bike a few times a week. say a prayer for me. if you have any info on meal plans something i can be religious about following that would make sure i was helped i would be grateful. hey man check your gluco meter, sometimes it throws up wrong numbers. one other thing, try and have a meal every day containing omega 3 fats, such as salmon, tuna, herrings, mackerel or avocado, instead of foods with omega 6 fats. check out dr john mcdougall - i am (was) a diabetic but following the program he recommends pretty much cured me in only a couple of months. in the last two weeks ive lost 5 lbs cutting carbs out and eating whole foods and testing blood 6 times a day and fasting and trying harder than ever. my blood never gets below 130 and i have had 103, 113, 97! try fasting man, watch dr.jason fung maybe it can help you iloved this..thank yous o much for the knowledge! husband has diabetes and hates being sick, is working to reverse it but no one here is helping can you send info asap need to get on your program asap, can you offer additional info, material, books, guidelines, or any other support. please contact me asap thank you did it for 2 weeks, 20 pounds lighter...... carbs are not the only culprits. the pesticides play a big role too? why wheat for example need so much of these chemicals? because their gmo condition. europe had banned many of these pesticides. somehow almost 100% of the grains on this side of the hemisphere are genetically modified. so another good reason to thank this courageous woman to speak out the big pharma and the its colluded partner the food industry. sorry i forgot the pesticide industry. are not so concerned about this diminutive army of whistleblowers their power now is so great that they don't need to move a finger. because the money exchanging hands plus the addictive nature of the human being is such that they just relax. they behave like the ny mafia used to act. \"we even have the major on our payroll\" so why get worry about that nosy cop? what\"s the moto for you(italian accent) sounds like the low-carb diet proposed by dr. atkins. decades ago. and he was heavily ridiculed by many people. hard to do when you're disabled and on a very fixed income. naww...its easy to do. just buy produce, meat, fatty fish, butter and lots of spices and herbs. i save alot of money eventhough i shop every weekend. not really. there are plenty of cheap low carb things. look into intermittent fasting :) no one can live w/o carbs. low carb diet will increase risk for heart diseases .... \"stop using medicine to treat food!\" *finally* a western medicine doc breaks out, wakes up and realizes that they are killing americans with their prescription pads!! bravo! let the word get out! hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. excellent presentation. this video contains---accurate, true, factual information based on actual science. everybody should watch this video over and over again until they learn this this information and have it memorized.\"the system\" wants the population to eat mostly processed foods and grain based carbs + sugars...why..? because they can make the highest profit margins on this food and maximize the profits & income for the medical industry and big pharma in particular.don't be a victim---change your food intact and you will change your life... she must be rich because she doctor ? i agree with almost everything doctor sarah hallberg says, except i do not agree that her diabetes patient is \"sick no more\" \"no more diabetes\" \"she no longer has diabetes\" (10:15-10:40). her patient is still diabetic, and should never forget that she is diabetic. she has her diabetes under control, but she has to continue to exercise and eat correctly (low carbs) always... and for her fifth rules of eating, i would say \"no grains, potatoes, bread, rice, pasta, sweets, or sugar.\" so i can eat a bacon meal everyday? and how would you deal with your patients passing out because they are basically going on a super model diet ? there would be no reason for that to happen. a low carb plan still has a lot of options. great information.... diet and excercise is the 1st point in my prescription.... 1.when someone says \"carb\" they should be more specific. broccoli is a carb so is refined sugar.\n2.everyone has different bio chemistry. follow dr. eric berg on youtube. all his videos he's talking about this matter. ya, it's not their fault for eating junk food every day of their life.. diabetes is what happens when the pancreas starts to malfunction. the main causes are acidic and toxic body. for those who really want to be healthy, you need to start drinking kangen water. its the only healthy hydration available in the world today respect. impresive knowlede on simple way. yes lchf diet is the solution to lot of issues with diabetes. can diabetes be cured? no!!! you can completely reverse the symptoms of this condition by a combination of medication, good diet, exercise and by getting the proper sleep while also aiming to reduce stress in your life. however, once you go back to your previous living patterns, your blood sugar will abnormally rise again. type 2 diabetes comes on within most people over time due to age - when the walls within the body's millions of cells become permanently compromised, which prevents them from intaking the proper amount of sugar to provide the necessary energy within those cells, which in turn fuels the body as a whole to function properly. this is a very delicate mechanism which cannot be \"cured\". with the combination of the above factors that i mentioned, a person can live a normal life and exhibit the same blood sugar readings as if they didn't have the diabetes in the first place, but the damage to the body's cell structures is permanent. sarah hallberg should be tried in court for mass murder with the bad advise she is giving. is she basically pushing the atkins diet? you are sooooo correct!!! is she paid by the medical industry or meat industry? she has missed a key point out here. watch dr neal barnyard. you will get the full facts forget about the carb propaganda, animal fats are what's killing people. in just 4 months i reduced my weight by 18 lbs .. stabilized my blood sugars to normal\nreduced my insulin by 1/2. my goal is to remove insulin and the other meds from my life within a year. this is the only way to get your disease under control. i cut out grains, starches, and sugar. listen to dr robert morse! or do intermittent fasting not all but many doctors want a steady stream of sick people coming their way i'm not sure if someone who's sedentary can benefit as much as someone who exercises regularly i was diagnosed with type2 about a year and a half ago. i cut out sugar and carbs. i also went on metformin and victoza. my doctor told me that most of her patients take a year to a year and a half to get to where i got in 3 months. mysteriously, a lot of people don't take type 2 very seriously. they think that if they take the meds and just cut back on sugar and carbs, they'll be ok.\nmy average blood glucose level went way down. my a1c went from 10.6 to 5.8, and i've lost 75 lbs, so far. my goal is to get off the meds entirely. @missstatefan how @yral tv what is your eating schedule, please? how many meals and snacks per day, and at what times? i like that it sounds like you practiced the wisdom to \"add in, not take away\" anything. is that the case? @cultured sims please talk with your own doctor and parents before changing how you eat or taking advice from the internet from one doctor who doesn't know anything about you and your health. the doctor in this video is giving very extreme advice (that she herself has only practiced very short-term), for people who are ill, and there are a lot of problems with her advice that she isn't even thinking about or discussing. @steve martin what you are describing is a set-up for an eating disorder. do you have any idea what percent of kids have eating disorders, which are serious, potentially fatal illnesses? please don't tell a child to cut out or restrict any kind of food, or give exercise advice. very dangerous advice. i reversed my diabetes mellitus... thanks to my doctor. excellent summary. i believe i learned this in each of 3 day long workshops, and then forgot it. thanks for the emphasis on the need for fats. hi everyone ,if anyone else wants to discover management of type 2 diabetes try jadonite proven diabetes buddy (just google it ) ? ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my buddy got excellent results with it. not certain about the points made but ,if anyone else wants to discover cure of type 2 diabetes try morundan proven diabetes mastery (do a search on google ) ? ive heard some super things about it and my neighbor got excellent success with it. give all her patients a glucose tolerance test and see how diabetic-free they really are. body needs carbon hydrates, if you dont consume carbs you'll be out of energy all the time. the point is to consume good amounts of slow absorbing carbon hydrates which will keep normal energy balance through out the day. consuming pure glucose in other hand is like replacing gas with tnt, it releases insane amount of energy in an instant and it dies out almost as fast leaving behind damage to body. wow 4.9k people in denial so i started a low carb diet and i understood the basis of this dietary style. however one thing i was told threw me off. i was told that i could have a huge bowl of berries each day. (i love berries) this seemed odd to me as berries are almost pure carbs. has anyone else heard this advice and i would love to hear others thoughts. she is genius. my blood sugar was not less than 110 during the last 20 years and recently reached 127 my doctor said you have diabet type 2 and prescribed me some medication. i didnt used them and just didnt eat any carbs after 2 days my blood sugar lowered than 100 my and my blood sugar 2 hours after lunch reached 97 i didnt beleive it happens just after 2 days i have 15 kilos over weight and i hope i can reduce my weight too. she deserves nobble price. i dont believe it was so simple. ..sits down to a good sized steak with garlic butter and a big green salad ...and losing weight ..\natkins was right! its not a diet - its a lifestyle eating good food in good sizes where you never feel short changed. so its basically the atkins diet. i am not surprised and had great results on the classic atkins.\nall serious modern diets are essentially watered down versions of the atkins lifestyle.\nthe classic western food pyramid wants us to eat mostly carbs because they are the cheapest to produce and have the highest profit margin ...sugar is even more profitable. as usual ... it was all about profit, greed and brainwashing. galblader? liver? skin? i love that you're an md and have been telling the truth for three years now. maybe my loss of faith in humanity is premature. is it possible that the sugar we take in, that is artificial, (as in gmo, not sachin etc.) is inadequate as a sugar to insulin supply? like..how an artificial flavor, no matter how close to the original, can never taste correct, maybe our systems can tell gmo cane sugar from actual cane sugar or things made from gmo sources that have carbs, and is not being changed into insulin as efficiently? it's an inadequate source? just rambles not all diabetes is caused due to being overweight and eating carbs. i weighed 98 lbs, worked every day and walked at least two miles a day on my job. my diet was near vegetarian and i rarely ate carbs. at age 65, i thought i was having a heart attack and was taken to an emergency room. my blood sugar was over 500 pts. diabetes can be hereditary. my problem is not diet... it's my parents gift to me. i do like what she has to say \"there is money in keeping you sick\". why aren't all the doctors like her? god bless you dr. sarah u said it outloud :) while in residency in the 90s i encouraged my patients to eat real food! society is so addicted to sugar and fast food/ convenience foods! we have to keep encouraging them. i love your simple tips! infommercial another issue is, people like me, i'm disabled and the food stamps i get are determined by the government using a cheap high carb diet.. you'd eat less than half a month changing diet and/or have a constant starving feeling. i've tried it, my blood sugar went down but i felt like i was starving because i wasn't eating very much, just a meal a day split into 3. not easy on $6 a day when you can't stand up cooking constantly. my alma mater. there is one thing i theorize; does gmo sugar or artificial sweeteners changes the structure of insulin. the insulin to the cells is useless because it is not glucose that goes to the cells but artificial sweeteners. so you recommend a keto diet. why is big pharma allowing her to tell this truth? forget lebron forget michael jordan .... this woman is my hero !!!! i hadn't heard of this lady until today. but i have a blood meter and i test on average 5 times a day. i was diagnosed with t2 15 years ago with an a1c of 12.4. i studied the problem. within 6 months my a1c was 5.2. it has stayed between 5.2 & 5.4 ever since (and i'm no angel- i cheat and eat some sweets). i did it by doing what this lady just explained. how do you eat like this if you are vegan? do not eat animal products? don't put fruits and soda carbs into the same basket please. stay away packaged food and you'll be fine. if you're insulin resistant, sugar is sugar. it doesn't matter where it comes from. this is true. if you dont believe, just try it and decide for yourself. =) sorry but the graph on 4:16 is very misleading. eating carbs with a low gi creates a much flatter glucose/insulin curve. how would you recommend a person with hypoglycemia transition to less carbs when their sugar drops to unsafe levels? the more i learn about this subject, the more i am getting convinced that some people want to sell a lot of drugs to us... so if there are regions of the world that eat a high carb diet, they must be riddled with a diabetes epidemic right - so rural china and japan - certainly years ago these societies existed almost exclusively on a rice based diet - a classic carb, and low and behold diabetes did not exist! carbohydrate is not the enemy, well not natural simple carbs. if you eat the diet we are designed to eat, exclusively fruits and veg, and potatos, rice, nuts and seeds, diabetes simply can't exist. these recommendations are not a cure, so much, as a treatment...the person remains resistant to insulin. if they eat the \"regular\" diet that a person without diabetes does, they will have the same problems...having said that...this is still a real solution that most of the conventional literature does not address..... she's a doctor, and she's publicly stating that pharmaceuticals make money -off of our suffering?-\nrespect.\nmost doctors _i know_ cleverly doge topics like this. @grannie annie i do realize this is w a y past time for kibitzing but w.t.h. ... your doctor is quite apparently used to dealing with patients whose primary interest is \"get me to place where my body doesn't interfere with my life style\"!! more power to doctors @amkarei milk is high carb if you are low carb, you have not high bloodsugar, because you don't eat carbs or sugar. but you didn't reverse it. so you have to be high carb to reverse insulin resistance!! watch out and search for dr. mc dougal or dr. greger. european here, diagnosed with type 2, a years ago, at the age of 33, it was not because of my diet as i was high on veggies, home cooked food, no junk, no soft drinks, alcohol, cigarettes, etc, i didn't eat potatoes or bread. my diabetes is genetic, my family had it always from young age.\ndoc put me in low to no carbos diet and meds instantly. the no carbos for me meant i couldn't eat as many fruits i used to (that would be 5) i started with no fruits at all, then i was allowed 1 per day.\nmy meds cost 2 euros per 80 days (box of 40 pills, i consume half per day)(secret for low med prices? by law, any type of advertisement for all types of meds are prohibited)\nso i honestly dont understand what docs are doing in the us, suggesting high on carbos diets what is missing here is a cause for type 2 diabetes.\nit is not remotely possible that such a dangerous disease can be so prevalent in a population for genetic reasons. such vulnerability would have been evolved out of existence. hence, we must look elsewhere. the biggest named cause is bad diet. still, i doubt if the majority of us adults eat a bad diet. one largely overlooked possible is infection, in particular intestinal infection. i still love this vid! watch what the health it talks about some of what this video speaks of and the american diabetes association and the american heart association... much more. wonderful, hopeful, and as a diabetic soon to be factual in my lil reality. i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes almost 2 years ago, probably had it before then. now have a couple of ulcers on my right foot [toe and underneath]. i am no longer as overweight as i once one, in fact the nurse practitioner told me that i could not overcome my diabetes naturally because i don't have a lot of weight to lose. the foot doctor said don't go by bmi, which recomends that my normal range of weight should be from 118 to 148, the middle or so being 130 to 136. i currently weigh 172. so, do you have to be obese, not just slightly overweight [according to the bmi] in order to overcome diabetes? i realy struggle to listen to her.\nshe speak like we are stuipid toddlers..... jezzes. this was hard the food pyramid has been killing us you are confusing many\nbut its avoiding meat and dairy that cures this\ncertainly not fats excellent video! excuse me for the intrusion, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (probably on google)? it is a smashing one of a kind product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my mate after many years got cool success with it. watch out though to low isnt good and itvwill happen becauuse it did to me yes cut carbs does work but in long term but be careful it will get your blood sugars too low and you will go through cold sweats never happened to me. idk what you're doing. i dont believe that 100 % i tried keto it works to lose weight but it didnt fix my insulin resistance even after two years then it flopped on me in ended up in the hospital with too low insulin its good for short term but i m not sure about long term because it didnt work to good for me overweight is not a disease.... it's a symptom big pharma are behind this lie follow the money big pharma in the usa are using doctors for nothing but little drug pushers for big pharma they will do exactly what big pharma tells them to do.big pharma only selles pills and treatments they do not sale cures something wrong with her argument here - the japanese, who eat the rice-based diet she sneers at, have 1/10th the obesity levels of the usa. there are traditional societies that subsist on sweet potatoes where diabetes is unknown. if her diet works, it may not be for the reasons she thinks. japan, china and india all have high rates of diabetes. do some research! \"the irony is that the asian diets with their rice and noodles have not been a problem for earlier generations, clearly due to food shortages and also to a life that involved physical labor and exertion,\" she says. \"but once diabetes is triggered, then rice and noodles exacerbate the disease.\" that's why we're in paleo diet vicky melomane paleo still has a decent amount of carbs though i just started cutting my carbs this morning. i'm only 5 foot 4 inches and weigh 160lbs and i am miserable. i'm hoping by cutting out carbs my osteoarthritis won't hurt as badly. i'm also hoping to keep from getting diabetes. don't just cut carbs; add more fats to your diet! my grand mother die at age 93 even though she had diabetes type 2 for many years. she would eat everything but in small portions. carbs won't kill you , the amount of food you eat is what can kill you. once i was on a zero carbs diet, i was in my middle 20's and training regularly (every day). i stopped that diet when my penes failed to function properly. i was feeling weak and hungry constantly. few years ago, i tried a vegan lifestyle for a year, at the beginning i felt good but soon i started to feel social isolation, not to say that i spent a lot of money on vegan food which didn't look so healthy, plus i had to spent a lot of time cooking meals with complicated recipes that i got from the many many books i got for vegan recipes. by the end of that year i ended up taking anti-depressants. i started to eat normal short after i started the medication and things went back to normal. i think it is irresponsible to tell people that they should not eat things just for pushing anti- system ideals and conspiracy theories. i think that the ability to eat almost everything is a big part of what makes us humans, period. we are not cows, we are not lions. we are omnivores for evolutionary reasons. i do agree 100%, however you're missing - like most doctors of the body - the fact that food to some, is like alcohol to the alcoholic. there is a lot of roundedness from childhood wounds and issues that are not dealt wth and people turn to things for self soothing. obesity is the other end of the spectrum of anorexia. there s a lot more to it... love always, diabetic who would be obese if i didn't watch my self, exercise/stay active, etc. personal responsibility. 23.5 bmi insulin resistant..so yeah. thank you for a great video will share with my family and friends! read \"it starts with food\". same info, essentially.\nbasis of the whole 30 'diet. diet in the sense of \"that which you eat\", not special way to eat just to quickly lose weight. fasting. fasting. fasting. it is the best self-healer known to mankind, and one of the most neglected and overlooked 'solutions' - not just for obesity and diabetes - for many ailments. the body goes through a detox phase which is fantastic for you. the cells get a chance to regenerate, and they do amazingly well when given this chance.\nwhat is truly amazing is that a vast majority of doctors don't have degrees in nutrition. why is this? there is only one possible reason: nutrition is unrelated to health. what other possibility is there? i think that main stream nutritionists do not teach this to their patients because they weren't taught this and will not stray from the herd. i was on a plant based diet (strict)dr. esselstyne) several years ago and went to nutritionists at a major medical school/center.. i told them what i was doing and they basically tried to steer me away. i lost 35 lbs and felt great. now i'm eating keto, it seems more sustainable for several reasons i will not elaborate on. @cathy scott small? try non-existent for all intents and purposes. my aunt was a cardiologist. she had no nutritional training. drugs and surgery is the only option from the ama. when you go to medical school you learn to prescribe meds, not reverse disease or (heaven forbid!!!) create health and prevent disease. just does not happen. and for this we pay gigantic \"health\" care premiums? un-friggin believable!!! @fatty ninja he's not wrong -- fasting *can* have multiple issues for diabetics. that's why dr. fung and the like don't recommend diabetics fast without supervision. that said, the problems are only going to be for the start of fasting. once they fast for a few days to a few weeks they'll be totally fine. it's frustrating to see that the diabetes association is recommending diets that cause diabetes. i first heard of this in the documentary \"what the health\". thank you to sarah hallberg and the truth tellers who are promoting health instead of promoted money making from pharmaceuticals. wow she's awesome. i am on 2 insulin...1 once a day, and 1 every time i eat. my confusion, well a big one, is how to start this with that it mind. do i stop insulin? best resources to know how to do this? great regarding the patient on 300 units a day plus other diabetic medications,\ndid you reduce her insulin gradually or did you have her get off immediately?\nwhat was this patient's regiment everyday\nhow long did this process take?\ni believe type 2 can be beat, but every story i hear skips around without detail and rarely are there any testimonials of those on 300 units of insulin that beat diabetes exactly. . . thank you! i am so tired of fighting, doing what my dr. tells me to do, then bearing their attitude when i gain weight. its clear they think i am cheating. but i have not been cheating! then i give up, seeing doing what they tell me is good for me is making things worse. so i go back to eating whatever i want, and funny thing is - i also stop gaining weight. i have a handful of \"friends\" that like to laugh at me, so i crossed them off the friends list. i'll try what dr. hallberg suggests now and see what happens. this doctor is indeed different. this video can be a revelation to diabetics. wow!! if we do not intake carbs then where will we get energy for daily activities? prediabetic since age 9. went vegan, lost weight, had got my numbers under perfect control. now to lose a bit more weight. excellent discussion i have no idea how i should replace potatoes from my diet to be honest. i eat a lot of cauliflower, but damn i have never been able to make it taste like potatoes... seriously, how do you do that? @jan, you can make cauliflower to be the consistency and nearly the same taste as mashed potatoes. so the s part of gps, does that include fruits and veggies like onions, peppers, etc., that have a natural sugar? well it seems fruits like apples and oranges would be good if you eat them whole as they have fiber/pulp that would regulate the release of any natural sugar. if you did those as a straight juice without the fiber part it could be a problem. seems like veggies would follow the same pattern. my blood sugars are better but still not normal. us there a list of foods recommended for this approach? i don't eat sugars, starchy vegetables, breads or flours of any kind yet i cannot get these blood sugars below at the least 195 no matter what i do. suggestions? try fasting. great information that i shared to my fb page. i have been low carb for 4 months now and lost 35.5 pounds. i also am starting to see a difference in blood glucose levels expect new laws to be enacted to ban any contradiction of the dogma so big ceteal/big pharma can keep on trucking. so after all the howling ridicule, turns out dr. atkins was right. he could have been startled by a bee. @tom ardans sure. my grandad died of tbi via alcoholism. a heart attack can cause tbi from fainting. and he died of traumatic brain injury. did you know you were spreading urban myths? oh, like jim fixx did? solid point... this from his greatest exponent, he did die of a heart attack. fun stuff dr. sarah needs to write a book. had i not proved it to myself, i'd say this was nuts. but it's absolutely true. lost 57 1/2 lbs & stopped all meds but omeprazole, which i'm tapering off of. so true. don't forget intermittent fasting as well... wow! i'm a type 2 diabetic for 3 years. i saw this video in late march and immediately started a low carb diet with zero cheat days. today on 8/6/2018 i went for my 1st physical since february and my a1c dropped from 10 to 6.8 and i weighed in 36.6 lbs less than my weigh in in february. thank you for the video sarah. my dr. asked me to share it with him and i have . this really works. my dr. simply had me go off wheat and all grains even gluten free bread, including rice brown or white, and corn all sugars except stevia, i could only eat dark skinned berrys , no raisins or dried fruit for 6 months and at the end i was no longer pre-dibetic. success ! wow your doctor is a hero! love this presentation, thank you for sharing. im always perplexed why smart people would talk to a smart audience as if they were talking to pre school children. thank you...great video. great truth. god bless dr. sarah hallberg...and dr robert atkins. he was demonized for 50 years. reversing diabetes starts with not harming any living beings! inspiring lady who i think is about to change my life! how did you get on? keep them sick keep making money....healthy population is no good for the pharmaceutical companies. follow the money ok, so my doctor said my diabetes was getting worse and insulin shots would be next. then, i came across this tedxand, \"thanks!!!\" my friends wonder what happened to me. i've lost 30 pounds and dropped 100 points off my average blood sugar number in about 3 months. {btw, i mostly disregarded the exercise part and still got these results.} the doctor just halved my meds and said a couple more points off my a1c and i won't be classified as diabetic anymore. i refer everyone who mentions the word diabetes to this ted talk. god bless you. way to go! @world according to scott wonderful to see how you support her. sereniasaissa things have changed in the last 5 weeks. we had her a1c checked when we started and it was 11.4. according to the app i use to track her glucose they estimate her current a1c to be 7.5. we have added some 48 hour fasts to the plan and we are starting to see glucose levels as low as 114. her morning glucose has also fallen from a regular 210-240 to 160's. by afternoon her glucose is between 114-150. as long as she watches her food she continues to stay pretty low, relatively. she has reduced her meds to only metformin. no insulin in 5-6 weeks. the progress is slower than i had doped but i have to be realistic. it's a little optimistic to assume i could reverse 15 years of very serious type ii diabetes and 5 years of insulin injections in 2 months. i keep telling myself this is going to take time. i have to remember this will probably take 6-12 months to totally reverse. i am happy with the results at the two months. @world according to scott you go girl - to your fiancee. @ellis toussier bigio are you a doctor? probably not. i bet you are in big pharma and you want us to stay sick and stay on insulin just to make you a lot of money!!!! hi my name is arthur. on the 28th of may, i weighed in at 101kgs. on the 26th of july, i weighed in at 87kgs, and the weight just continuesto drop.\non the 27th of july. i visited my doctor to go over my blood test, from which i did on the 26th. as confirmed by my doctor. my type 2 diabetes is reversed, and i am no longer on medication. i have been struggling with type 2 diabetes for well over 20 years. to come to the point in my life, and to be free from diabetes is a blessing, and a miracle from god. it's only been done in such a short time of two months. thank you god for the ketogenic lifestyle change. lost me at \"obesity is a disease.\" self-induced maladies are not diseases. i cut all the carbs i could and within 6 months blood glucoe levels were normal. doctor said to keep taking the metformin, i didnt and levels are in the normal range. it took some getting used to but its better than sick i did it i reversed my diabetes, i removed the carbs, starches, fruits, and anything that has or becomes sugars from my diet. basically i did a keto or keto like diet, and went from a 14 a1c to a 5.4 a1c in 3 months. @charles michael on keto u can have 20g - 50g of net carbs. i do 20g of net carbs. i went in for my 3 month follow up since november 2018.. got my a1c checked again and came out to 4.8 really recommend for you to look up dr. berg and dr. ken berry and thomas delaur for more information and keto connect, joe duff, headbangers kitchen for recipes. theres a lot of keto recipes on youtube and online. how many carbs per day do you consume? thanks same here. my a1c was 9.6 and with keto and intermediate fasting i brought it down to 4.7. with no medications at all. thanks to dr. berg and keto connect and dr. ken berry @physique fuel 30 lb in 3 months. how much weight did you lose? wow!! thanks so much for this video. is it ok to eat red beans? from my own experience, i can endorse this presentation. after being diagnosed with diabetes 2 in 2013, i was fortunate to have a doctor who had worked with the diabetes team at newcastle university and who ordered me onto a crash diet. i lost 35kg in 12 months but the diabetes had gone into remission much earlier. this all happened 5 years ago and it is still working although i sometimes struggle to keep the weight down. i will be trying this ultra-low carb diet as soon as i clear it with my own doctor as i believe it should be done under medical supervision. thank you, dr hallberg, for the lecture. brilliant! thank you! glad i stopped my metformin.. so i researched after reading this and i'm wondering: is she recommending the \"keto diet\" ? she is a very good talker, enjoyable to listen to. what about eating whole fruits? they contain sugar and vitamins? yes! yes! yes! this is an announcement: just have a couple of slices of sweet potatoes (boiled) in the morning. keep rice at about 1 to 1-1/2 cups a day plus few slices of bread . keep your carbs low. stay away from sugar and sweets. try to eat breakfast and lunch only. you are on your way to perfect healing from diabetes ! that was awesome thanks alot i bet trump does something to encourage carbs in our diets. look what he is doing with the epa. just right out in the open cutting regulations that keep us safe.\nrepublicans have gone off of the rails. democrats are weak. america is screwed. looks like trump love starch rich food. cutting carbs really does lower blood sugar. and you'll lose weight fast. 10 lbs a week. just stick to 20 grams of net carbs: carbs - fiber = net carbs. fiber is a good carb so you can subtract it. as i watch this i'm eating six (seriously!) bags of chips from the vending machine because the burrito truck didn't show up today. time to make a change. you hit it right on the nail. most people following a standard western diet don't get close to the recommended amount of daily fibre. don't underestimate the importance of feeding your gut microflora - the effect of their metabolic process on human biochemistry is only just being understood. collecting carbs into one big group and demonising the whole group because refined sugar is damaging is a mistake. a plant based diet can demonstrably reduce diabetes - there's plenty of evidence to support this - but much less risky. the low carb advocates i meet just up their intake of meat and dairy. excellent.....thank you!! it always amazes me to speak to people who have diabetes, and they repeatedly tell me how the dietician says they can have 5 carbs at each meal and there is no talk of reversing the diabetes, only how to manage it. thank you so much for some sanity in this crazy so called \"health care\" system we are in! here is the miracle cure people do not want : every day, eat less so you lose weight. for the rest of your life, eat less.\ntrack calories and eat fewer of them. problem solved for 85%+ of t2 diabetics... if they stick to that. but they won't. because they prefer to keep eating too much. their choice, their consequences. bye bye toes, eyesight, life. do i eat chili three times a day ? isn't eating healthy a choice? she is so wrong!! she is not an md. please watch videos: dr. michael greger, dr. dean ornish, dr. joel fuhrman, dr. caldwell b. esselstyn, and dr. neal barnard, just to name a few doctors. this woman will kill you, please ignore her advice.\nplease do your own research before you endanger your health or the health of others. i heard on tv that before 1920 the medical profession had no way to treat it. people had to live with it and die now i hear that they are closing in on a cure oh the wonders of science bioengineering might create the first human 0.20 in the year 2136 hmm. looks at all the woowoo in the comments.\n[deletes vid.] amazing.. thank you. plant based foods, are the only ones that do not cause; gout, diabetes, cardiac problems, etc!............................................................ save yourself and the planet !!! tomatoes inflame gout, last i checked they were plant based 8 8 eating a lot of carbs really is a disease condition waiting to happen. really? tell that to the chinese. (not the current generation of course, they're now as hooked on the 'western diet' of burgers and fries as much as we are, sadly.) but don't their eating habits cause insulin resistance in the first place? if so, this falsifies her \"they are not to blame\" opinion. i took my a1c from over 11 to 6.2 for the last 2 years by eating high fiber foods among other foods that naturally lower blood sugar levels. i take 5mg glipizide extended release. i also cut my cholesterol by more than half along with my bad cholesterol and triglycerides. just use google and you too can maintain reasonable 1c levels more nonsense. doctors cannot agree on dietary advice because they don't learn nutrition in med school. carbs are essential for good health and brain function. see forks over knives or dr. john mcdougall for correct information. entire populations in china, japan and south america thrive on potatoes, rice and natural vegetables and fruits. avoid animal products, added sugars, oils and salts. her patients will still get heart attacks and strokes. she is right, and i love her passion. this is instruction from a doctor who has enjoyed actually helping her patients get well. the really frustrating fact is that your information will kill people in the long term. nothing you suggest in this video will cure diabetes just make it easier managed. your are literally suggesting the keto diet but by dancing your way around the point. humans evolved using carbs for energy not ketones, which are acidic and put far too much strain on organs. the only diet known to reverse diabetes without massivley increasing the risks for many many other chronic illnesses.\nno intellegent person would listen to the ada but then no intelligent person would listen to you either. if you want to be taken seriously then compare your suggested diet to a whole food plant based diet then dissect the results to show a balanced arguement between two arguements that have proven positive results. utter rubbish. meat raw milk and fermented foods thats it , that works for every diesease 100% they have never once proven that a vegan diet alone was better than a healthy omnivore one. they always compare vegans with healthier lifestyles against sad dieters. many who drink, smoke and don't exercise suz v2017 if you feel like blindly following others without a second thought then that's your choice. however those among us that have the ability to think for themselves have the right to investigate what's being said and when it's proven to be false also have the right to spread that information.\nyou talk about me needing to be a doctor the fact of the matter is you have so little knowledge about the subject matter you don't even know which experts you should turn to for the answers. doctors do not need to study nutrition as part of their qualifications.\nso my point to you would be if you can barely spell, let alone think critically for yourself then perhaps you should leave the commenting to those willing to spend the time and energy to investigate what is being said.\nremember just because it's a tedx talk does not mean it's factual. vikas gupta she might not use the word keto anywhere in her talk but the basis of the diet is ketosis. the fact she hides that only magnifies the fact she's being dishonest and knows what she is saying is bs. thank you! so true. well well well just as i've suspected the last 25yr+. mds don't wanna cure ya.. just ain't no $$ in it. just like big pharma. sugar corn syrup high fructose sweetener & the liars of monsanto with their frankenstein seeds. it's all a scam 2 keep us sick. when the revolution comes guess who's getting it 1st? my older brother worked for monsanto all his life and whenever i asked him what monsanto made, and his answer was always money! i agree but what about fruit? i always get stuck here. my one criticism of keto. aaron also very frustrating for me. bu i can't argue...look at your glucose meter after a banana seems like a small amount of berries is allowed, but then again, it depends upon how many grams of carbs you are allowing yourself in a day, right? explains why stripping starch from my diet controlled my type 2 diabetes. she's not completely correct that we don't need carbs. there are numerous studies that show low carb can damage the thyroid. i'm not saying eat high carb, i'm just saying some amount of moderation is necessary. did not like the presenter. i scrolled her up and just listened to the presentation information. her diet said no grains, no potatoes, no sugar. i think that not having sugar would push the need for insulin down. i think that more needs to be done along these diet lines before we can say that this is a type 2 diabetes \"cure\". if it was as simple as the presenter says back in 2015 then every body would be cured of type 2 diabetes by now in 2018. the mastering diabetes people get the same results cutting out process foods, sugars, all meats and very low on fats. they eat whole foods: plenty of fruits and vegetables, some whole grains. they use stuff like hemp protein and flax seeds for omega -3's. if this true.....godammmm...the govs are the enemy????!!!!!! well, reagan said so... great information this is wonderful, but try eating out -- impossible! try going to a restaurant -- impossible to find low carb food. no sugar food. ah, you can do it with some practice and finding the places with good choices. many places have a \"meat + salad\" option, you can skip croutons and choose a dressing that suits. you can often order a steamed green veggie in place of a potato option. breakfast with eggs/ meat can be found. now fast food, that can be tricky. grabbing anything on the go can be harder to do. they still put so much salt that it will make your head spin, msg, and other additives. i gain a couple pounds of water weight every time i eat out, even if i pick healthy options. i usually take only a few bites, get a to go box and take three days to eat it. then it doesn't make me sick. italian restaurant. skip the bread. there are seafood and chicken dishes (like chicken marsala) that have no grains. side of broccoli. skip the desert and have a fancy coffee (with no sugar). it can be done.\nalso, steak and salad. skip the potato. the stop sign doesn't work...but if you know how many calories you should eat and how many there are in what you are eating you can make a consciouss decision to stop. in an hour you'll get hungry again...but if you inform yourself about this and either have a light, healthy snack or just wait it out you can manage at least some of the time. obese people are addicts and saying it's hormonal is like saying coke addiction is \"neurochemical\". it's true, but it doesn't make it acceptable you don't reverse diabetes. you control it. not ignoring fiagnodis go, girl! isn't coconut flour just as high if not higher in regards to glucagon conversion? why is this a better substitute to wheat? good question. it seems to vary greatly, depending on which product label you read. buyer beware. one word: exercise tarun ,thanks sending this lecture.i have heard it carefully.very good explanation.thanks\ndad true! thank you for affirming what i thought i ignore the meds and diabetes and still eat what i want to i love how passionate and engaging she is. this was eye-opening. brilliant lecture thanks. i lost diabetes in 3 weeks.. 0 carbs.. everyone is talking about food,but you also have to move with diabetes. at least 30 minutes to an hour 4 to 6 times a week exercising. we don't use our bodies anymore . especially in america. kids barely play outside now.its xbox /playstation generation. no one is talking about the dying beta cells and how the right kind of weight-loss can help.use your muscles, eat a lot of leafy green and cruciferous vegetables. avoid all processed foods.cook your own foods.and get 7 hours of quality sleep. the speaker is 100% right! i wish people wouldn't come on with their commercial pushing comments! where is she getting fiber in her low carb diet? fiber is what makes you feel full and aids in digestive health. and, for that matter, other vitamins and minerals that are only found in carbohydrate containing foods, like fruits. carbohydrates, on a biochemical level, also provide the building blocks for those non-essential amino acids that our body produces on it's own. they are the primary source of energy for our body and without carbs, our body would break down it's own muscles to provide energy.\ninsulin also provides a healthy hormone cycle in the body. insulin and growth hormone are inversely related. so if insulin is never turned on, growth hormone is never turned off which provides it's own set of dangers. hey ,if anyone else needs to find out about diabetes and diet try jadonite proven diabetes buddy (do a search on google ) ? ive heard some incredible things about it and my friend got great success with it. do your patients stop the medication after their numbers go down or while they are eating this way? ahhhh. look at japan. ..where all woman weigh about 110 pounds their whole lives ......it's culture. ..\nin the us your encouraged to be overweight. ..\nthink about it i truly loved this video. low carb diet from now on! it sounds like she is misrepresenting what doctors tell their patients. or maybe my particular experience has been fortunately very different. i have never been told that i have to eat carbs. everything i have been told about carbs is that i need to reduce them as much as is practical. the one thing that she doesn't seem to be mentioning is insulin. if you are diabetic and taking insulin, there is a danger of hypoglycemia. i am fortunate enough to not need insulin at this time and my doctor isn't pushing it. i am able to maintain a reasonable blood glucose level through diet and moderate exercise. i will try to finish this video, but i am somewhat skeptical at this point. i have just been diagnosed with insulin resistance and this video has really helped me to understand what's happening to my body, thank you very much! hey, guys! i'm doing an awesome t1d giveaway on my instagram! all you have to do is follow me and you're automatically entered! giveaway includes: pump peelz, snacks, diabetes merch, and more! i plan on fully customizing to the individual. so, follow me! @courtni_t1d the best part? she never even mentions the positive effects of the ketogenic diet on parkinsons, alzheimers, and cancer! ketoacidosis is dangerous, you have to be insanely careful as a type 2 diabetic when messing with diet buy more insulin, buy more food. profits are sweet on this deal!!! especially when it says \"food\" on the box. there is a twenty year old research paper that might be interesting to anyone who wants to know more about the impact of different and very specific foods on insulin production. the paper is listed here:\nan insulin index of foods: the insulin demand generated by 1000-kj portions of common foods\nsusanne ha holt, janette c brand miller, and peter petocz, am j clin nutr 1997; 66:1264 - 76. i have noted quite a lot of different insulin indexes. plenty discrepancies. pity, because very important .. and potatoes .. those are out, too wow, i won't be eating brown beans again .. sigh .. and i love them so much is corn a grain ie a carbohydrate? i take issue with this purely for the fact that a plant based whole foods diet has also been proven to reverse type 2 diabetes, within anywhere from 2 weeks to a month in most cases.\nthis flies in the face of her no carb advice because things like bananas, apples, strawberries etc all have carbs in. in fact just 1 of her mushrooms is 65% of calories from carbs! so it's less about avoiding sugar and carbs, and more about avoiding refined versions of those things.\nit's when carbs, sugar & fats are refined that we have issues, because the fibre content is no longer there. it's the same reason when you have fruit juices that those spike your blood sugar, because the fibre isn't there to help slow the absorption of those nutrients.\nthis is the issue! @john kk dietary fiber, especially soluble fiber, actually reduces inflammation. butyrate is made by our gut flora when fed soluble fiber. butyrate then feeds our gut lining and signals our immune system that there's no cholera to attack.\ni recommend you (and anyone) to watch \"prebiotics: tending our inner garden\". @unnainconnu no we need zero fibre its like scraping your insides with a wire brush, it causes inflammation .. to get the natural gut flora you need the only proven way id to ingest fermented foods, saurkraut is amazing, raw milk is particularly efficient and if you really want to fill up eat some high meat ! i know this method works fibre especially the insoluble stuff is just really bad for you, you may as well eat twigs. hey, the doc says, eat real food. she's got it covered. @wen you do need fibers to be healthy, the minimum recommended in the usa is 30 g per day. eating fibers isn't just to go to the toilet, it feeds your gut flora, which is hugely important for your health. solely plant based diets are also at a epidemic lvl of diabetes, india for one has an increasing lvl of diabetics among the hindi, who are vegans this is just another \"let's try to get away with being lazy\" diet fad. low carb is a gout trigger, plus you miss out on many of the best foods. muscle tissue increases insulin sensitivity. people are so insulin resistant nowadays because we just sit around all day looking at screens and don't ever build any muscle. instead of giving up foods you like for the rest of your life and still only be half as healthy as you could be, get off the couch and pick up a barbell a couple times a week, that's all it takes. you'll not only get healthier according to some number on a blood test, you'll feel amazing and have tons of energy. i reversed insulin resistance and i eat pizza, ice cream, and sweet and sour chicken all the time, plus cereal for breakfast every day. the sad deprivation diet fad she's trying to sell here is not required. chicken won't cause gout. just certain meats do, pork, wild game, some seafoods. i cried when she said no potatoes... i cried with you .. i would love to know why over 4.5 k dislikes ?!!\nas someone with type 2 diabetes i can undoubtedly attest that this information is 100 percent spot on !\ni went low carb about 2 months ago and now have no need for my diabetes medicine, i stopped taking them a month ago !\ni feel absolutely great and i am losing weight !\ni also exercise 4 days on , 1 day off rotation.\nnever going back to carbs again ! ketosis is natural state only for famine mode[few weeks]. donot extend it to all year around lifestyle. wfpb hclf is natural state for all year around feast mode.\nketo can lower your diabetes numbers in short term, but animal proteins which it brings along cause cancer.\nfeeling sad that dr hallberg is fighting with stage 4 lung cancer.\ndr john mcdougall is still healthy at 74 old. whole food plant based is the way to cure as well as a sustainable life long healthy, planet healing, compassionate approach. all dislikes are from wfpb community. @merv but you will never be able to eat carbs again, on wfpb you can eat carbs it takes care of the problem at it's root because alot of people believe whole food plant based is best at curing the underlying problem to which you can eat carbs. because ketogenic diet will damage your liver and kidneys and she didn't told that i have been searching for recipes to work for my family. my husband had type 2 diabetes. i have pcos/pre-diabetes. our kids are 13 & 15. i feel that the keto lifestyle would greatly improve the lives of my family members! i'll be posting recipes, etc. on my ig acct @poshygolden1 see dr. mcdougall for better and complete advice. colrax bought me here. i love you doc ! my dad quit eating carbs and still is diabetic. he is 6'11\" and weighs 160lbs... he is active with cutting wood for his heat in the winter, he gardens, cuts grass, does household chores... still diabetic. oh, this is all so freaking confusing .. what is the right thing to do??? i love this presentation, she touches on all the points i tell my clients, but she did it all in 18 minutes! i will now be sending people to this video first! what a great speaker. organised, passionate, precise and approachable. i think perhaps dr hallberg undervalues wholegrains, but overall the message is spot on . . . i lost 70 lbs and my pre diabetes with keto and intermittent fasting which she did not mention, as well as exercise and at 63 i feel like i am 30. i take no medications and i do not need a doctor. endocry and keto evangelists aren't? @richard derfler you vegan trolls are relentless, i'll give you that. great bowser do a brachial artery flow-mediated dilation test and see how you score. save yourself from a heart attack and go plant based. so the old adage eat your fruits and vegetables is a bad thing? thank you for this video. you have gave me a reason to smile again........ thanks to you i have hope and strength again. time to enjoy my life and family how to cure type 2 diabetes: walk 45 minutes per day briskly in the evening or late night. that's it. this was recommended by dr. memet oz in a 2007 in a one-pager in men's lifestyle magazine. my blood sugar was off the charts when i read this article when it was published. i started walking at least 30 minutes per night every night. numbness in the extremities: gone! hypertension: gone! fitness level: up. muscle tone: up. the advice that i just wrote saved my life. it can save yours. don't cut things out of your diet. ad walking to your life. that's it.\nyou don't have to mess with your diet if you *walk* as written above. take it from me. great lecture. i've lost 30 pounds so far mainly on a plant-based diet and high activity lifestyle, the doctor tells me to lose 10 more pounds and be declared diabetes 2 free, no more metformin, going for it! @abbasa what makes it great is there are no harmful side effects! people don't realize the stress they put on their kidneys with a strict and long-term keto diet! and a lot of diabetics don't exactly have kidneys in very good shape. keto only masks the symptoms of insulin resistance. it's basically saying, \"my body can't deal with glucose, so i'm going to stop feeding it glucose.\" wfpb diet actually reverses insulin resistance and makes your body able to handle glucose.\none diet cures diabetic symptoms; the other cures diabetes. it's ok short term, but contrary to what many vegans tell you, long term it does serious damage, depleting you of essential amino acids, b vitamins and iron. @abbasa look no by9y stopped listening when she said we don't need carbs\ngiven all the talk about microbiome, fiber, and polyphenols i dont see how that statement can be true. gmabber to add to that, endurance athletes are increasingly experimenting with low-carb diets as a way to maintain more consistent energy during competition. you'll get carbs you need from breaking proteins. you need very little extra carbs unless you're a very active athlete or train for marathon. i've been on low carb / keto with occasional cheat days for 16 months now and i'm fine. my blood tests came out great, my blood pressure is within healty range, i practically never feel hungry anymore and i've got more energy overall. don't dismiss what she said without actually testing this on yourself. joao gadelha well we need vegetables to live and most vegetables have carbs. i'm naturally skinny, this seems to not be true on me :( just subscribed. thanks for all this great info. gonna binge this channel this weekend. thanks for helping so many with simple info. much love from georgia 1 out of 5 healthcare dollars is spent on diabetes. modern medicine is a business - the holy cash cow will never be slaughtered if you don't eat healthy carbs you can have seizures. i know people it happened to. can i have her? as i reflect 2 years later, i would still love to call her my future ex-wife.\ni guess i will just keep waiting. love it , not a tree hugger here , normal guy , i went on the american diabetes association , the bulk of their funding come from drug manufacturer and their distributors , most of their \"heath\" show are sponsored by the same , in short without the drug co there would be no association , this is far more than a conflict of interest . one has to laugh please go to their web site , they state a study has been conducted , it might be possible to eliminate diabetes , not an encouraging sentence , they continue on to state a study was done on 30 patients ...... were they afraid it might work and loose funding ? you be the judge . but they do ask you to become a sponsor ....... sound more like a late a cheap infomercial i was just talking with a woman this past wednesday about how she changed to the me to diet and she has never felt better in her life..... i need to make a change.... i would like to see her explain why diabetes is not common in asian countries.. i think carbs are not the problem the asians eat alot of carbs and most of them are skinny so technically it invalidates what she is claiming . perhaps its the type of carbs you consume or possibly you need to eat carbs with fats and proteins. you need all of them together for the body to properly utilize them.. or lack of exercise might be the main problem.. food companies are worse than tabbaco companies. i feel great without sugar and crabs. watching repeatedly; must get this planted in my brain! i have some food for thought, for all those people flooding this comments section with cries of \"this is no cure! this is non-sustainable!\". do you have so little faith in your fellow human beings that you'd deny them a solution, purely because by your estimation, they don't have the self-discipline to handle it? there are videos on youtube that lay out, completely free, detailed plans for managing your finances in a way that will help you get out of debt and pay off your mortgage early. do you troll the comments section of these videos trying to discredit their channels, and telling people they should turn their eyes away .. there's nothing to see here .. this isn't a solution ..no one has the self-discipline to do that! it's non-sustainable? let's imagine you had stage 4 cancer, and half your family and friends also had it. you have a brother and sister? one of them has stage 4 cancer. a mom and a dad? one of them has stage 4 cancer, as does half of everyone you know. suddenly a pill shows up .. completely legitimate... and someone on youtube is telling people about it. the pill is completely free, and it doesn't \"cure\" cancer, but it completely removes all of cancer's threat. but the catch is, you have to take it every hour, on the hour, for the rest of your life. would you deny yourself this option, and do your best to discredit the people promoting it, and tell your friends and relatives, your mother, your sister, to look away? don't look at that video! that's not a solution to stage 4 cancer! you have to take one of those free pills every hour??! no one can do that! that's non-sustainable. eating low-carb is not a cure for diabetes, but it takes away the symptoms and the threat of diabetes. peeing every 10 minutes? fixed. leg cramps every half hour during the night, waking you up in excruciating pain? fixed. deteriorating, wacky, all-over-the-map eyesight? fixed. the looming threat of future limb amputations? fixed. is the diabetes gone? cured? no. if you go back to eating fast food three times a day, the symptoms and threats will all return. but is the negative impact of diabetes almost completely gone from my life? yes. it takes discipline, self-education, patience .. but does that mean it's non-sustainable and we should talk people out of doing it, because they'll only give up at some point, because people are weak? i say, if a person is ready to make a change in their life, there's nothing they can't do, and keep doing. let them decide what's sustainable for them. fasting and eating without carbs is doable most of the time.. fasting for 24 hrs takes insulin down 70% great vreat point ted whitten how do you suggest starting out on \"educating yourself\"? the whole point of the talk was to say that for some, it's not behavior-based -- that some people are insulin resistant. for those people the ada diet (which is the only one they are told to do) will never work for them. for those people, the solution may be a low carb / low processed food diet to prevent and resolve diabetes. however, doctors do not give them that information and in fact, discourage the use of a low carb diet. this video is about giving people the information. if the ada diet is not working, here is something else to try. period. thank you! we don't understand nutrition. if her program actually worked, everyone would know about it. simple but so important. my doc told me last year i was pre type 2 and to cut down on sugary food and drink, i am vegan and do not ever have sugary drinks and don't even eat much sugar, i don't have a sweet tooth. he did not mention carbs. and, no i am not obese, hardly overweight at all, maybe like five or six pounds. but i love pasta, rice, bread and potatoes! broccoli is 80% carbohydrates. who thinks eating broccoli causes insulin resistance or diabetes? the video is a good example of why doctors should learn about nutrition in medical schools. the best diet for reversing diabetes is a whole-food, plant-based diet! 89% is water not carbs. wfpb is one of a few options people have in reversing diabetes. probably not the best way either. this wrong it's not the carbs it's the meat this is such a pile of s*** in doesn't fit your vegan narrative but the science is pretty clear outside of your bubble. this does work. my health has changed dramatically excellent lecture.. thanks a lot does this mean no more nice hot oatmeal? no more peanut butter sandwiches? are you kidding me? god damn it. i know i shouldn't swear but when does it end? i gave up booze and cigarettes and now i have to what, eat grass in the morning? for crying out loud! no more doughnuts? now i suppose i have to look up what a no-carb diet looks like. maybe its okay to gnaw on tree bark. anyone follow up with her patients a decade down the road? maybe their diabetes is gone but they've probably welcomed heart disease. diabetes can cause heart disease, and i think they'd rather get heart disease at 60 than lose a limb at 60. at least with mild heart disease you can still walk. the alternative to your point of view isn't to blame the patient for their disease. mama vinesh made my life a success in s.a +27614426924\n\"several years of unhappiness in my marriage led to loneliness, continuous crying and suffering,after hearing about mama vinesh,i decided to visit her she read my fortune accurately and told me about my past life,my marriage and business and in a dish of water with a mirror she showed me the faces of my enemies as well as my husband's girlfriend.she performed a special prayer and gave me powerful indian crystals,oil,stick and ring to use at my work place,business as well as my home.unbelievable!within a short period of time all my problems were over and i'm very happy in my marriage and my husband left his girl friend and came back to me.over the years,i have tried many healers but they all failed. mama vinesh! your special ring is a blessing that has improved my financial status,business stability,love as well as my home.there is no other way to thank you but to tell others about you and your work! contact her+27614426924 \"and in an hour, you're starving!\" as soon as she brought up american chinese food, i was hoping against hope that she would bring that up! real talk. i went from 700 units of insulin a day to 0 in 5 days doing this. my labs are all normal or better. the ada are wolves in sheep's clothing. type ii diabetes is reversable. if your doctor does not know this and how to do it, find another doctor. the ada takes tainted money. carbs are not needed. obesity as a hormonal disease is a chicken-egg situation. it's usually an unhealthy lifestyle that disrupts the hormones (though some other diseases, like pcos, can also be the cause -- but this is relatively uncommon). hormonal imbalance then triggers all kinds of madness in the body, including fatigue, stress, lower metabloism, etc. many people eat as a coping mechanism for this stress and fatigue. so, obesity is a result of bad habits and choices and it can be a difficult thing to correct and cure. the system (medical, political, and educational insititutions) are corrupt and set us up to fail (like the dairy board getting a say in the health food guide in canada -- conflict of interest, right there). a whole food, plant based diet and some exercise is all you need to cure most preventable diseases, including obesity, type 2 diabetes, and heart disease. sugar is not bad for you, nor does it cause disease -- processed and refined foods are bad, as are animal products (which many keto consume a lot of). amazing great talk, and very true. cut down the carbs, eat healthy fats, boom. paleo works finally a dr. admitting that they cause the problem and then blame the pts. heaven help us the get healed no potatoes? wtf? i eat nothing but healthy carbs like sweet potatoes brown rice and tons of healthy grains, my blood result were amazing. population that eat low meat and high healthy carbs never experienced diabetes. look up the okinawa population diet in the 1900s they ate nothing but healthy carbs and were the longest living population recorded. you can't say never about what can cause diabetes. prolonged consumption of high carb foods ( even healthy ones)will lead to diabetes in some cases. lowest risk of which groups? carnivores, pescaterians, low carbers. add studies to back up this claim. i agree that processed carbs are terrible for you, but eating a high amount of healthy plant based carbs has never caused diabetes, which is why vegans have the lowest risk of diabetes of all groups. i'm not saying \"we should\". i'm saying that some people should limit carbs if it effects their blood glucose numbers in a negative way. if people eat carbs and not have a blood spike then continue but the majority of people overeat carbs especially highly processed ones. the same can be said of people who go low-carb and never experience diabetes. so you believe that we should limit our intake of healthy carbohydrates to not be at risk for diabetes because that what she said? how come people eating a high amount of healthy carbohydrates on a plant based diet don't experience diabetes? i actually agree with her that potatoes can be a problem for some people. i don't eat potatoes or anything starchy because of how it makes me feel ( bloat, gas). so no, i don't agree with you. amazing. sugar is so addictive. i never took much anyway, but i remember my body/brain 's response when trying a low-carb diet, it felt terrible. it took a few weeks before being fully adjusted to it. eat ketogenic diet!!...check out dr. eric berg!!!~ god bless u!! he is the man!!! \"literally busting at the seams\"\nhow does that work?\namerica, let's take the word literally back. i agree! i am so sick of this word being overused and misused. it is used, and wrongly, so often now. when i read comments on the internet, and someone uses the word \"literally,\" i literally stop reading their comment and move on. this word is used so unnecessarily frequently, and it just annoys me. half the time, they don't use it right. what are examples of good fats she's talking about this made me cry!! thank you for this information. god bless you she's right! since i limited myself to 150g of carbs a day (or most days), i've been losing weight at a great rate, feel much healthier (numb toes gone, fungal infections gone), and it's so easy to manage. i can't believe the medical community tells people to lower their fats and up their carbs! breakfast cereal is the biggest criminal! i now have bacon and eggs for breakfast! oh i just saw someone 's comment about low carb being crazy because it's dangerous. they don't understand that it's a question of enough carbs, instead of more than enough. as with most \"diseases\" - as long as the pharmaceutical companies are making money and the doctors get their kickbacks, they will never cure any disease! we live on food made from rocket science! when i was a kid, we grew our own food, didn't have a sit down life and worked off the food we ate! bread and sugar elimination is the whole key! look at the blue zones around the world with the least diabetes, cancer, & cvdthat includes 7th day adventist in the us. these folks are often vegetarians eating mostly a plant based diet so not low carb. they are leaner people, move more, family oriented. as a rd for 25 years, i have found there is no one diet for everybody. excellent! thank you for this great presentation. thanks dr. sarah hallberg - brains and beauty! great information but those hips are driving me crazy, beautiful woman. finally, this explained so i can understand it! awesome speaker. thanks, wish you were my dr. excellent video. yes sad (standard american diet) is killing millions. try keto. life changing. i do a lot of cycling. i'm 56. how i am supposed to fuel without cabrs? i would not last long on the road, specially on 3 to 5 hour rides... can i cycle without considerable amounts of cabrs? don't think so.... @fr0d0b0ls0n chris froome eats carbs and goes through a whole lot of gels in training and racing tell that to chris froome... i don't recommend going zero carbohydrates. the problem i see is that some people seem to treat all carbohydrates the same. the truth is that kale, tomatoes, mushrooms, cruciferous vegetables, nuts, soy, etc. are not the same as soda pop, bread, and sugar. the former group is how i quickly got my 12% a1c down below the healthy range average.\nalso, all fats should not be treated the same either. as a general rule, fats from plants tend to be healthier than fats from animals. the one notable exception appears to be omega 3 fatty acids, which are found in fish.\nfinally, exercise is really important for reversing diabetes. in fact, i think going without concentrated carbs while you perform extended aerobic activities is one of the most important things you can do to reverse it. r arbuckle yes through the process of gluconeogenesis. it's a demand driven process. the answers here are the living proof that this comment was needed in the first place. with the amount of data we have on the healthiest population on earth, almost devoid of cancer and cardiovascular diseases, and all eating very low meat based diet to vegetarian diets (and indeed low carbs diet, 30 to 40%, derived exclusively from whole and complex plants, but not keto), there are still people believing that plants are toxic (lol) and a heavy animal based diet is key. i work closely with oncologists and clinicians and there is a contest on who will actually have to finally diagnose a long term vegetarian or vegan with cancer. as of now this contest is still open because this has simply not happened. however bbq lovers are walking in every day for diagnosis. @a a refer to dr. steven gundry's info on chia seeds...they are not healthy frank tufano has many videos about the nutrition to be found in animals which can't be found in plants or aren't bioavailable. he is extreme in mostly eating animals, and raw at that, but he provides proof for his statements and explains very well. she said the body can make the sugar it needs without eating carbs. i needed to hear this. so glad this popped up in my suggested videos. i already knew some of it. now you've given me the full picture. thank you. if this were true then societies who ate the most amount of carbs would have the highest rates of diabetes, right? yet, we find the opposite to be true. hamburger buns and cookies are not whole carbs by the way. rice, oats, potatoes, quinoa, sweet potatoes, etc..societies who eat these daily have the lowest numbers of diabetes actually. fr0d0b0ls0n this has only been in the last 15-20 years as they have developed more of a western rich diet. this was not the case 20 years ago. china and india have the highest rates of diabetes ;) fruit and veg are carbs, dairy has sugar. corn syrup =diabetes @alexander christopher well, thats also true. i was more referring to the fact that other carbs can also lead to diabetes, as opposed to that carbs alone are the cause of diabetes.\nwe do also eat a lot more refined carbs (as a society) than we should. back then, refined carbs weren't something regular sugar was rare. but if you eat a bunch ot carbs and your sedentary, you're more likely to develop diabetes than someone that eats few carbs and has the same lifestyle. @throttle therapy as well as lifestyle. most people back then are more active, even the poorest of the poor. most of our records from back then (1500 bc, as you said) were remains of the rich (who were able to afford a marked grave or tomb), whose lifestyle was more sedentary and had access to an excess of luxuries such as sweeteners.\nit's such a problem nowadays because those luxuries were now available to the common people. all carb=diabetes. i would hardly ever eat corn syrup but i was well on my way to getting diabetes.\ndiabetes has been around since 1552 b.c., and i'm sure gmos and corn syrup didn't exist back then. too many sugars and carbs are all a cause of diabetes. ^^^nope. genetics take thousands of years to change. we are genetically identical to anyone alive 100-200-300 years ago etc. if it were only genetic the rate of obesity and diabetes would not have changed and yet it has skyrocketed. what's changed is diet and lifestyle. newcastle music studios genetics plays the biggest role in type 2 diabetes actually. wtf 4.5k down votes? brain damage? the \"vegans\" probably. thank you thank you thank you! what about type 1 diabetes? mostly the same, look at type1grit support group. i have colitis, an inflammatory and chronic disease. surprisingly the recommendations are similar to those given for diabetes :\n\"carbohydrates digest easier and might keep inflammation low, vegetables on the other hand may provoke inflammation therefore it is convenient to avoid most of them \" so over 5 years i have avoided vegetables and i am still sick paying for remedies that are way too expensive (no joke, they truly are expensive and i have to buy them per month). i got fed up of this, i researched books aimed for people with any inflammatory disease, books written by people like her (the paleo approach: reverse autoimmune disease and heal your body or the paleo approach: reverse autoimmune disease and heal your body few examples are two examples ) and guess what, there are so many cases of people healed, those books talks about the same that this lady talks about (in more detail of course) even bein books from different authors, both emphasize how just by getting rid of carbohydrates, people affected by autoimmune disease take no loner any medication.\ni just found it and i can't be more enraged about how money did i waste followin my doctor and nutritionist recommendations, they are overly outdated and not nearly based on current research. what causes insulin resistance? eating too many refined carbs and sugar. i was diagnosed with type 2 about 10 years ago, i started working out like crazy, eating better and cut carbs almost out... reversed it and have never had to worry about it agian. a1c normal.. no medication needed. just got to put in the work :)\np.s. lost 60 pounds just by eating much smaller portions and no more soda/pop ever... such a change. more crank \"scientific\" advice. absolute rubbish. so much passion by dr. hallberg. that's why i'm a big fan of dr. berg for keto and if. also dr. axe and his focus on food as medicine as well! it's all upon the individual. every person is unique. some people form kidney stones after excessive leafy green consumption, get thicker blood, cannot take certain medications, and others get stomach irritation. right said david, she should clearly differentiate between highly refined , processed complex carbs .all greens and coloured vegs are healthy rofl she studied osteopathy there is no cure for diabetes till today because the beta cells going less in pancreas like the age going hair on head goes less on ageing this is my second viewing. thanks for this presentation. i'm still working on my following your suggestions. i switched from lantus to tresiba. i had to drop my injection dose from 50 units/day to 44/day. i still use a low(10-12) unit dose of lantus if i have a meal out that is carb high. my fasting sugars are now in the 80-90 range. i'm 79 years young, 6'5\" and have weighed 175lbs for the past decade, with small variances of +/- 5 lbs. i have been diagnosed as diabetic for the past 20 years. insulin is costing me at least 1-2 cruises/or other type of vacation a year. when i get off insulin, i'll be vacationing again. thanks for your presentation. if you want to contact me, try me on my facebook account. fats are not fattening, carbs are fattening thats why the asians, indians and vegans are the fattest and unhealthiest. people who eat the most fats are skinny and healthy. look around the world americans, canadians and europeans are all so skinny and healthy. you can see that the west has the lowest rates of heart disease, diabetes and cancer.\nthank you so much sarah hallberg. low carb is extremely easy to do..... after the first horrible 5 days, and 3-5 days after every lapse; and if you don't lapse a few times per month; and if you are able to reject the 'habit eating' when your brain tells you (and it will regularly and loudly) you really need or want something, or says you are depriving yourself. carbs is a massive addiction. and, if you are like me, you can't just cut back. your meals need to be planned (not something more carb addicted bingeers had ever done), and your restaurant eat in/take becomes extremely limited and more expensive. your brain will convince you that a $8 burger has half of it's value in the 25 cent bun, because that is the part you hold, and it looks so small without it. so constantly remind yourself that you would never pay more than 25 cents for that bun in a store. and, after a while you will realize that you don't care to go to a restaurant when you have the option not to. after a few months, you will realize that the meat/cheese/nut binges you need to get over the massive carb cravings are more habit than need, and you will hopefully start to reduce the volume. you have to watch out for sauces and dressings, as many have a lot of sugar, and portion size is simply way too big. hopefully, you will quickly realize that calories in vs calories out is just plain bs. if obesity is an issue, weight will drop quickly. and, your self-diagnosed ibs will be cured. but, lapses, even one or two days, will cause a lengthy plateau in weight loss, and every lapse significantly increases the risk that the addiction will take over, and before you know it, the lapse is many months long, your weight is higher than when you started the low carb lifestyle, and the challenge to restart is much greater. even after 60lbs lost, over 6-8 months, two years of relatively easy maintenance of that lifestyle, and weight, stopped, but i can't say why. three years later it took some significant health markers and a first step on the scales (once a daily, then weekly activity) revealed that i was back the pre-lifestyle weight. luckly that was enough to prompt the re-start. now two months in, 30 lbs lighter, i still allow lapses, but i dreadfully afraid of the addiction. so i have found that when i know a good lapse event is coming, i push it as late in the day as possible, and before that lapse (that beer(s), cookie(s), pizza with real crust and not a meatzza) i make sure there is a lot of low-carb options ready to start the next day. i now know the addiction is incredibly strong. it is so strong that i have never been successful limiting myself to one cookie, one beer, one piece of pizza, despite the incredible plan to only treat the lapse as a single treat. and the recovery time in the form of carb cravings (and irritability) is about 3 to one. so i have pizza and beers starting at 6pm and go to bed at midnight, the next entire day (assuming i can go vlc (very low carb)) is horrible. if my brain convinces me of a weekend lapse, my cravings, irritability and weight is a full week recovery. but, when i have it out of my system, i can bake cookies for my kids and serve beers to my buddies with nothing more than a habitual, muscle memory, type attraction, so long as i don't listen to the voice (most likely and loudest being mine, but could be others), saying 'just one will be ok'. and you can't surround yourself with enablers. they need to know that to you carbs is a disease that you are managing, and if they overtly or subtly encourage a 'just this one', you will have to separate yourself from them. therefore dr. sarah hallberg, i strongly suggest your patients and other followers will have a better chance for long term success if you give them the truth and not make it sound easy. but, it is extremely rewarding. and i really appreciate your information and your effort. i need to find a doctor like her need help damm i like what that dr. says. i am not a diabetic but have several friends that are diabetics. feminism is cancer hatred is cancer. omga!! now i don't know who to believe! i have t2 diabetes and became a vegan after watching 'what the health' - plenty of doctors on that video too :( h e l p ! ! ! virtahealth at least has peer review scientific studies about reversing t2 diabetes with low-carb. you won't find anything like that with veganism. dumbdumb americans take forever to realize this simple, almost universal knowledge, that chinese knew decades ago, lmfao. bravo!!! bravo!!! it's time to get out the ropes and start building the gallows! my uncle was murdered by his doctors! i have dealt with being over weight most of my life. i have had doctors who were disappointed when my bloodwork and blood pressures were all normal. i am much older now and as dr. hallberg explained it is likely that my insulin levels continued to increase along with my sugar levels until i am now prediabetic. i have done atkins and it worked great, but i stopped because i heard it could cause heart problems. everything i have learned and know says that she is right and i have nothing to lose but some weight. it is low carb and not no carb; we just need to make good choices for the carbs we eat. the book \"sugar busters\" hit on this issue as well. ty dr. hallberg for inspiring me to try to take control of my health before it is too late. 2 months in, lost 25 pounds and feeling like my old self again. keto for life. is she a real doctor? awesome!! truth. having been insulin resistant and over weight with polycystic ovaries, this worked for me. i was offered medication but replacing carbs with good fats and gentle exercise helped me lose 3st (around 20kg) and become pregnant after 2 years of trying whilst being over weight. you only need to try it and see! not only will you lose weight but you will feel better, think clearer and not require medication. p\nn thank you for laying this out so clearly !!!! the first step towards changing a behavior or situation is taking full responsibility for how you got there ...not playing the blame game or being a victim. but great info on diet makes total sense. i'll send this to my morbidly obese type ii diabetic brother. i hope he gets well. you are an excellent lecturer. however stopping eating carbohydrates, the body forms it from fats and proteins. in the absence of insulin, this can lead to ketones. and acidosis, not an outcome of healthy. can you recommend a good cookbook to follow this program? please advise. sarah hallberg i love you! i don't know people are getting fatter and fatter and fatter pity the least expensive foods are carb-heavy. can't afford meat and veg? gonna die of diabetes because you have to live on ramen and rice. hmm guess it is good that i aim for 20g carbs a meal. pretty impossible to eliminate carbs but they can be cut severely. i think a lot of ppl already know this. but for it to become a standard medical recommendation put up on legit health and medical websites, a general acceptance across all recognised and influential medical associated bodies needs to happen. that is now not the case. i knew those insulin pumps were no good! pizzas coca cola anybody help any food that the carb is zero great i get more information which i don't new the usda pushed a toxic diet based on flawed nutrition food pyramid of high carbs and sugar over good fats and green vegetables. i was diagnosed with type ii diabetes and my numbers were off the chart for lipids and cholesterol. i was given a pamphlet basically telling me to keep eating like i was and accept all the bad things that were going to happen to me; and of course, to take lots of expensive meds. they also made an appointment for me to a \"diabetes clinic\" operated by a local pharmacy, without my consent. this clinic was clearly set up to \"teach\" (brainwash) me that everything in that pamphlet was the only way, and to be a good boy and spend lots of money on those medications. the pharmacy then called me when i didn't show up, and threatened to take legal action against me, as well as to report me to my doctor, and have me dropped as a patient. given that i was diabetic for years before my doctor finally did the tests and found it, i had already dropped him and found a proper internist. (and probably should have filed a malpractice complaint too, but i digress). needless to say, i called their bluff, and never heard from them again. i was surprised at the lengths they went to in order to control me.\ni put myself on a no carb diet for 3 months, and have followed it up with a low carb diet since. my blood tests come back as non-diabetic, i have lost a considerable amount of weight, and my cholesterol and lipid levels are well within the proper range. i have noticed a direct link between my cholesterol/lipid numbers and my a1c. no doctor will admit it, of course, no money in it i guess.\nalong with the money from keeping us sick, there is also much bigger profit in carbs, so they want to keep us buying it. processed foods are cheaper to make, and cheaper to store and ship, and they want to keep us away from buying local produce so they can maintain their stranglehold on farmers, and shut the small farmer out completely. if they had their way, there would be nothing but corporate-owned mega farms sending everything direct to their factories, giving us no choice at all. thank goodness for plexus!!! i was diagnosed with diabetes 12 years ago and the advice that the doctor was giving me sounded like nonsense to me. so i ignored him and i have had doctors congratulate me on how good my a1c number always seems to be. if you actually listen to doctors you will see they robotically spew nonsense that sounds like they are reading a script. if you listen to them you will be dead you have to do what's best for yourself. after i was diagnosed i ate normally and tested myself after every meal now after 12 years i know exactly how much anything i eat will rise my sugar or not rise. i am not under a doctor's care. i don't trust their motivations. 5 weeks ago i was tested by a close friend and learned my blood sugar was 390. i bought a meter and yes it was consistently very high. i watched \"the magic pill\" on netflix and decided to try ketogenic dieting just by reading the labels at walmart and that 390 now is averaging 160 at bedtime and still declining.i've even dropped 10 lbs. with out trying. i feel better. no doctors. no pills. i just did what this lady is talking about. it's been a week, i hope you've gotten in touch with your doctor. it's easy to treat a chronic problem suddenly and think it's fixed, then lapse, education, which you've apparently started, good for you, and tests like a hemoglobin a1c to get track of how you've been doing for a few months at a time are really your friend for long term health with diabetes of every type. rex key: i agree with nico in that you should find a doctor you trust to help you. 160 is still high for bedtime. glad it's going in the right direction, at least. also, look into doing s-l-o-w (at least 10 seconds in each direction of the exercise), low-weight exercises (arm/leg curls, lifts, etc. with 1-5 lb weights), 10 reps each at least twice a day. those can help drive the sugar into your muscles to burn rather than stay in your bloodstream. doing them daily can help a lot in the short term and you can up your exercise as you feel better). as a long term type 1 diabetic myself, ik urge you to *call your doctor right now*. not tomorrow. *now*. explain the blood sugars you've measured, and your results right now. extended hyperglycemia such as you've described can cause all sorts of interesting and quite dangerous issues for your kidneys and other organs. i hope your glucometer still has a record of the measurements you've made so you have a good record of them to share with your doctor. but please, for your own safety, let your clinician know that this is going on and you're going to need some monitoring and may need other support to help avoid complications, or treat complications that already started. stop using medicine too treat food. great information. thanks. i need to modify what she said on two counts, although i am pretty sure that if she read what i am about write, that she would agree with me. one thing is, that calories do count. there is simply no way of getting around that. one cannot sit there eating endless amounts of butter or mayonnaise and expect to lose weight. and the other thing is, that while it is true that we dont need carbohydrates in themselves, that we nevertheless do need them, because that is where so much of the micronutrients are present. what i mean is, the foods that have the most nutrition per calorie, namely fruits and vegetables, are also full of carbs. and yet, all that i have said here does not need to contradict what she said. all one has to do, is to limit both one's daily intake of both carbs and calories, and to make sure that the few carbs that one does eat, consists of nothing but fruits (especially berries) and vegetables (especially dark, green leafy ones) @camille most people forget that throughout our evolution fruit tended to be seasonal. we never had the option of consuming the sugar-rich foods readily all year around. look at it from an evolutionary viewpoint. our cognitive development of the human race originated on a predominately meat based diet. we didn't have the option of agriculture until roughly 300 years ago and now we have the ability to store and transport food so that you can eat whatever you want when you want. we are ignoring our entire evolutionary history because of convenience and we are paying the price. @moses cordovero some people can't tolerate dairy, and have different symptoms when consuming it, not always cramping, diarrhea. it can spike insulin in some, and cause inflammation, water retention. calorie counting is another myth. if you're eating the right foods your body stops telling your brain it wants more food when you are full. well, but that is exactly what i did. i did not pay attention to how many calories i ate, focusing exclusively on severely limiting my total net carbs on any given day. and the result was, that i gained 40 pounds in two months! and now that i am paying at least some attention to calories, i have lost some of that weight. think of sour cream. i love sour cream. and sour cream not only tastes so delicious and is so very satisfying, but is extremely low in carbohydrates. there were days when would eat 48 ounces (six cups) of sour cream within about ten minutes. and that is when i gained all that weight. now that i have virtually stopped eating sour cream, that extra weight that i had gained, has been coming off. fruits are not created equal, just like everything else (compare a raspberry, a tomato and a mango for example). limiting calories is never a good idea, it'll only end up slowing the metabolism anyway. the focus should be on the nature of the foods, not the amount of calories. fruits, if you have insulin issues particularly, should be limited because they can be very high in fructose. over the years, we've modified fruits to be a lot bigger and/or a lot sweeter than they would have been before humans started cherry picking them (pun intended), so while some tribes might have eaten a lot of them several centuries ago, they didn't contain as much sugar as they do now. if you eat a lot of vegetables (emphasis on less starchy ones), good fats and good sources of proteins, then you'll be fine. dr atkins was correct! finally vindicated! it's called keto folks and it's free. it worked for me to reverse my diabetes! @clayton menezes over time a lot of people find that their doctors take them off meds as the diet starts to work. did\nyou have to continue taking medications for diabetes on keto? if this talk is true then type 2 diabetes must be non-existent in the inuit community up north where they mostly consume fats and protein. good historical data are *very* hard to collect. there are many reports of a tremendous upswing in type 2 diabetes among the inuit, apparently as they assimilate into more \"western\" cultures: that is a good hint that as their diet changes, their rate of type 2 diabetes is increasing. i love keto!! seriously saved my life. low carbs are the way to go... just try it.... saw my pcp today. she said my cholesterol levels are great. i forgot to tell her i've been using coconut oil and butter almost exclusively for over 4 years. i've just started keto this past week, bs are down. sorry, i'm sticking with keto. angela marvin maybe you mean \"our minds preferred source\" as we all love either fruit, pastries, rice dishes... mind over matter, we break down proteins into energy and carbs. our body can make them, we don't need to eat them. @skinny dee have you been really seeing improvements in sugar levels? i am really confused about whose advice to follow... sarah's or neal's. they both are opposite. @kekkai\ni eat the same as you and i'm reversing my type 2 diabetes in only 3 months! been doing keto for 3 months and my blood pressure has come down even though my salt intake is up and i have lost a significant amount of weight, and i have stopped snoring. been at about 10 grams of carbs a day. example of a meal i had today: 3 eggs, piece of gammon, broccoli, mushrooms, cheese, nutritional yeast for b vitamins olive oil over the top and few grinds of pink himalayan salt. so filling! can go all day on one meal! my mood is better, and i noticed my endurance is better at the gym. but.......\nhow do you avoid constipation eating a low or no carb/fiber diet? arthur dickinson green leafy veggies. just cut out the animal protein dairy eggs and eat whole plant based.. sure u can do what she suggesting but limiting wholsome veggies fruits etc isnt sustainable.. alot of people reverse t2,cancer, arthritis, and many more illness with whole b\nplant based.. shes wrong though..its not the carbs blocking insulin its the fats stored in your muscles from refined fats and animal fats that block the insulin not sugars from healthy carbs the big business of the pharmaceutical industry and the american bread basket team up for the final score and diabetes wins! yeah!!! it's time to take control of our food, instead of letting food control us. jeff little yeah that too! \"american bread basket team\"\nyou mean the dairy council? this lady totally avoids the root of the problem and that is intramyocellular lipids causing the insulin resistance to begin with. sure you can get results cutting carbs but in the long run this is not solving the problem and only causes more harm! why do vegans troll these videos? get on your own channel. you an actually do keto vegan, they're not mutually exclusive. just like you can do healthy omnivore and unhealthy vegan. the so-called vegan doctors do terrible science but they're good at marketing. everyone agrees on one thing, that processed food is bad for us.\ni am going the wfpb no oil/sugar/salt plan because the science proffered by their side makes sense to me but i know people are also having success with keto food...at least in the short term. someone needs to do a longevity study on the vegans vs paleos. considering all the elderly vegan doctors still chugging along, my money is on them. 100% on the money why is this incorrect, saturn? is this just paleo? not sure how it's different. the content is fine, but her presentation sounds like a 3rd grade teacher speaking to dull children, or perhaps an overly sweet (pun intended) mom talking to her kids. she's still wrong about a lot. glucose isn't a problem...it's sucrose and fructose! you can keep carbs if you cut the sugar. i i am convinced by the title alone of this video... \"leave the grandstanding to dr oz\"\ngood work, dr hallberg, new have known this suppressed truth for a long time. the content is factually true and taken from many other places - no new news to me, even since 2015 (mark sisson was talking about it in 2009, and there are others even before him). the woman's voice is way overly-rehearsed though - kind of annoying to listen to. but if this got people to listen to this information who haven't yet heard it, then that's a good thing. so all fruits are off limits? pamela moore a little bit of berries from time to time is ok. is this like the atkins diet? khemistry ibmor moderate protein. ketogenic diet. i went low carb in 1999, my doctors said it was \"dangerous.\" but muh beer... that is a severe inflammatory nonsense.dr is talking about carbs by giving a few funny examples. there are millions of diferent carbs as well as variety of foods that we need daily (fruits, grains, herbs and vegetables). and insulin resistance is the consequence of many factors, so that is not a cause of diabetes. those 52 sample in a group...there are trials of larger scale that just proof the oposite. i love dr. ornish and dr. esselstyn, 30 years good research. to my opinion that dr. looks overweight. thank you! somantrum veridus before diabetes meds in the 1900's people only managed with the banting diet which was virtually 0 carbs. i'm diabetic, avoiding carbs, and a nutritionist told me i need to consume some carbs; she told me that if i don't, it puts stress on the liver because it becomes forced to make up the carb deficit. she recommended eating some bread. i couldn't see myself voluntarily eating foods i was trying to avoid (to keep my blood sugar from spiking) so i thought she was nuts, so that was the last time i saw her. aye, tell the nutritionist you're okay with the liver stress if it means you don't spike. my computer froze up and it posted a ton of times. sorry some people are sensitive to gluten and it can actually cause diabetes in some people along with thyroid and colon problems. but just cause you have diabetes doesn't mean it caused it fonyou as everyone is different. but my blood sugar does better with slow release carb so lime beans, legumes, nuts have carbs, sweet potatoes and squashes are good. half a serving of fruit is about 12 carbs and won't spike blood sugar if eaten with a meal. i try not to eat more than one healthy whole grain slice of bread in a day. i like dave's seedy killer bread and i'm going to make some gluten free buckwheat crackers and bread and try that in small quantities. mrgordy63 veggies have carbs. didn't she know that? great video...thank you very much no no no!!!!\nrice is a complex carb! low calorie dense! 5-carbon sugar. it doesn't spike your blood sugar! it controlled my mother's blood sugar and helped her lose weight! there is a classic diet called the rice diet.\nasian countries have thin people with low incidents of obesity and diabetes - with a diet of 80-90% rice.\nshe's confusing 5 and 7 carb sugars, and simple and complex carbs. green ink... time cube? @b. eder white rice is not a complex carb period. restricting what you eat in any way will most certainly lead to weight loss, especially in overweight people. doesn't mean it's good for you and sustainable and doesn't mean it's a miracle food either. fasting and lower carb intake has been around for centuries, your rice diet and questionable doctors are not using good science and long lasting facts to back up their claims @camille i lost 40 lbs. on that diet!!!! my mother cut back on her insulin because of it! rice has complex carbs! big difference with not having eaten a sad all your life but eating higher carbs and being sick because of a sad and therefore needing to reduce carb intake and improve the source of said carbs. the \"dr\" and book you're mentioning have been completely debunked as terrible science. rice (white) is not a complex carb at all, and contains no fiber or micronutrients we need. @thomas\nthe rice diet, a famous diet book! written by a doctor years ago. it works! helped me drop 40 pounds and helped my mother control her blood sugar. complex carbs - burn carbs! a third of the world's population lives on a diet of 90% rice. look, we get it that obesity is a hormonal disorder. but how did these people acquire that disorder? by eating too much to begin with and disrespecting their bodies. now it's an uphill battle for them, but controlling what you eat is not hard. watching a loved one die is hard. maybe you can't control something like cancer, but you can control what you put in your mouth. excuses should not be made for such people. will nitschke 99.9%, really? is that the number you came up with after earning your medical degree? sure, what your saying applies to large number, but you're delusional if you think its anywhere near 99.9%. thank you for this. it's personally very validating. with pcos & insulin resistance diagnosed 8 years ago. i cut carbs out almost 2 years ago (rice, pasta, grains, flour etc) & never felt better. my results are now normal (e.g my thyroid & a1c). i trusted my instincts with this & i continue to make it my lifestyle. @hiba k\nplease! ivor cummings discusses insulin resistance and its link with pcos, diabetes, heart disease, etc in vids here on youtube tankster makes sense... i think there's a high correlation between carbs/sugar & inflammation... so your experience makes sense... i lowered my carbs and my pain levels went down it i eat carbs i have bad pain and arthritis and feel sluggish. keto & if. food paragraph is b.s i just found out i have diabetes. and this video gives me hope. so does low carbs mean cutting out complex carbohydrates like leafy greens, broccoli, and etc? adamsjosephs no! those are great sources of carbs, the best form of carbs. if you actually look at the guidelines lifestyle modifications if the first thing to implement.. the ada guidelines talk about nutrition therapy exercise and smoking cessation among other modifications... there are instances where drugs are needed if certain patients can't change their lifestyle or have a1c that is severely elevated... not everything is a conspiracy by pharmacy industry.. as a matter of fact i am against big pharm as well.. most local and independent pharmacists are against big pharma especially what these pbms are doing... but i digress lol\nwilliam-pharmd.... type 2 diabetics have had it far too easy and good in the uk. free drugs for decades. they must be forced to fast (1-2 days a week), exercise (1-2 hours moderate aerobic per day), eat plenty of vegetables (20+ cups of none starchy vegetables, with at least 7 different varieties per day, everything else can be cut down) and take plenty of rest. or they risk having their medications cut. the taxpayer can't afford to pay for it anymore. fasting, sugar restricted ketone acetone\nconcentration rises, heart, kidney, brain, other\norgan capillaries with ketone acetone\nit will be healthy to wash it\nketone acetone is also used as a waste lipid in the sweat gland\nit will wash it.\nketone acetone cleaning was originally intended for human beings\ni have natural healing power\nwhen sugar metabolism is high, ketone acetone washing\nwill become less unhealthy the statist institutions (high school) teaches students to eat high carb foods in health class. snh hats off to your passion and energy level.. there are no essential carbohydrates!\nbeer\nwith the exception of one carbohydrate, there are no essential carbohydrates! sounds great. wish everyone had a doc like her. makes total sense for everyone. keto! ted lectures and presentations are touted as being authoritive. however, this video is a total embarrassment. dr sarah hallberg does not possess the slightest understanding of the fundamental principles of nutrition. of course she is no different from most doctors. nutrition is not part of their training. also like many doctors, she lacks the commonsense required to interpret the complexity of nutrition. her mind has been trained to memorize complex facts, not to understand them. hence the primitive state of the medical profession, especially when it comes to nutrition, and the prevalence of obesity and diabetes in modern western countries. but with the free exchange of information on the internet, more and more people are realizing that there are certain places on earth, and there are examples in written history of civilizations, that are completely free of both obesity and type 2 diabetes. even a simple minded person like myself can plainly see that it is because of their diet, a diet that is the complete opposite of what dr sarah hallberg recommends. follow dr sarah hallberg's advice in this video and your chances of getting type 2 diabetes will be greatly increased. a century from now if people watch this video they will shake their heads and laugh, just as we laugh today at the doctors of the 19th century who would pump mercury into the bloodstream of their patients in the hope that it would cure their disease. even today many people are beginning to realize that the entire field of nutrition as it is taught in universities is in its infancy and as a result even nutritionists are not to be trusted. in contrast, ten thousand years of written history clearly shows that the best defense against diabetes is to go vegan. in other words, high carbs, not low carbs, low protein not high protein. no meat and dairy, not reduced meat and dairy. but i doubt that most doctors, including dr sarah hallberg are intellectually capable of understanding that. they are a product of a medical system that discourages a real understanding of the human body and emphasizes the prescribing of drugs as the sole approach to disease. few doctors actually understand health well enough to give trusted advice on how to prevent diabetes. sorry sarah, diabetes is not caused by insulin. you are absolutely wrong on that. my advice to you: stop calling yourself an obesity doctor. you are not. you know less about how to control obesity and diabetes than my completely illiterate grandmother who never even went to grammar school. what are your credentials, if you are questioning hers? are you an academic, or a watcher of youtube? you instantly undermine your own post when you resort to insults and slurs. those are the weapons of liars, not educators. for a vegan, it is the best diet but for everyone else, it is probably not that great. dean guerreiro whole foods plant based diet is worlds best diet! *no taytos?* i have a question, what about fruit? plenty of vitamins but it also contains sugar. licensed drug pushers the only profession that will kill you and tou havw to pay them for slowly killing you crazy world we are in .medicine are naking people very very sick what about oat meal? ray wite nope. what about people with cvd? what about heart disease comment from below,\nnumoon collection\n10 months ago\nthe rate of diabetes among my vegetarian patients is considerably higher than the rate among my patients who eat very little carbs. about 30 years ago, one of my patients believed that being a strict vegan was the way to control his diabetes---he died of complications of diabetes, specifically uncontrolled hyperglycemia. i would never recommend a high carb diet to my patients, not any of them. i have my diabetic patients off all diabetic and cardiovascular meds and eating a very low carb diet. it is fascinating to see the evidence based practice paradigm tackle these old beliefs/assumptions in medicine. flax is a carb. ted is going to the feds.. awesomeness my doctor tried to tell me i need to have more carbs by eating lchf, you're essentially telling your pancreas that it no longer needs to secrete insulin, which is why if you're on insulin you will see blood glucose stabilize. on the surface, this looks great, but insulin resistance is actually worsening. as soon as carbohydrate is introduced, blood sugar levels will spike. low carb diets stabilize glucose levels, but do not cure diabetes. for a better understanding of the cause of diabetes i would recommend neal barnard and cyrus khambatta (both diabetes experts). try dr. jason fung. he is probably the leading dr. right now in treating metabolic diseases. keto for life these big pharma companies set up a program to \"treat\" the issue... not cure it. no money in curing it... but lots in treating it. why wouldn't changing what you are eating and doin change the response of your body? your body is very reactive to what you eat and adaptive. it wants to survive, feed it properly. someone forgot to mention how insulinogenic meat and animal products are... what if i just eat lean meat and fish, non starchy veggies and fruit? the gist of it: diabetes is reversible...based on my experience and education, not all her explanations are correct. the general ideas n concepts are there, but not accurately explained, yet sensationalised everyone in the comments is an expert... i work with t2dm as a dietitian daily. i am open minded to keto diets, low carb, and traditional dash/mediterranean types. there are not consistent results in patients with t2dm who go keto; some patients even have glucose logs of them switching the diet and show absolutely no difference with keto vs eating fruits/veggies/whole grains. what lowers hba1c the most is regular vigorous exercise--the doctor in the video fails to mention the other way to get glucose out of the blood stream and cause glut-4 (glucose transporter 4) translocation to cell plasma membranes is muscle contraction--insulin is what is released more when sedentary or not active enough and not enough muscle contraction. what also helps is weight loss, regardless of the diet (keto or vegetarian or mediterranean). weight loss is calorie-based, not diet composition based. joey gochnour do you have an experience with patients committing to a water fast. why is there no discussion of the keto diet? it works...daunting unless one uses an app (free). i started a keto diet with intermittent fasting. i was pre diabetic. i have dropped 45 pounds in 10 weeks. i visited a patient the other day and saw the diabetic diet with 60 carbs per meal. i had to do some education. so low carb and no snacking between meals! fats keep you satiated and toy will not be hungry. i went low carb and included an if eating schedule with excellent results! gotta disagree with you lady. i completely cut out animal protein from my diet. (2 years ago) and replaced it with lots of pastas, rice, whole grains fruits, veggies, nuts. and have never felt better. no more angina, lowered my blood pressure this is the best talk on diabetes ever seen. thanks. i like her really cool its rare that i'm impressed however watching this certainly caused me to think i need to ask - do you realise there's new cure\nstudents all over this planet are seeing improvement i found out about this from a site check it out search google for natural remedy tactic *fasting not fating by the way gluconeogenesis is a metabolic mechanism the body uses when is either fating or after great phisical workout when glucose and glicogen are finished. therefore it is not a normal state for a healthy human being, but for a sick or staessed one. gluconeogenesis means nothing more than the body making more glucose for immediate use. it isn't unhealthy. it's natural. i've always said that treatment for type 2 diabetes is a scam. it's a way to sell diabetes drugs, to keep people hooked on these drugs, to keep people dependent on going to the doctor to get the drugs andtreat diabetes. the information she gives proves it.\nbut part of the problem is that many (if not most) diabetics want to eat carbs, they crave them physically and emotionally, so they welcome being able to take insulin because taking insulin requires they eat carbs. i've watched my diabetic father do this. he takes insulin so he can eat high carb foods.\nhe relies on insulin injections so he can eat all the carbs he wants. he takes insulin, claiming he has to take it because he has diabetes (as per doctor's orders), then eats a meal full of carbsknowing the insulin will keep his blood sugar low. then the next day he takes more insulin to keep his blood sugar low, but eats a bunch of carbs that raises his blood sugar. and on and on and on. every day the same thing - taking insulin to lower his blood sugar, so he can eat all the carbs he wants to raise it. it's abusive. he is abusing insulin injections just like any other drug addict. but it's not his fault entirely because he is being enabled by the drug pushers - doctors and big pharma. still confuses me. these drs never address fruit. natural sources of protein. jason barta too much sugar for diabetics. how do asians stay so skinny eating rice and noodles? i've never had issues with diabetes or thyroid, but i've been overweight or obese my whole life. i should look into this and see if it works. i'm on the road to getting a gastric sleeve, so this is the perfect time to make a change. wow she is right i've been doing this for 10 years. can a connection between diabetes and gluten intolerance be found? maybe someone knows? the balls/ovaries are monstrous to say this out loud... thank you so much. i feel awakened. now will people start to believe big food and pharma are trying to kill us. they know this info and keep on telling us its good for us. u.s. govt is the worst offender. politicians paid off by lobbying groups. these people who are supposed to represent us. wake up people! then why we are doing diabetes management in dnurse? \"reversing type 2 diabetes starts with ignoring the guidelines\" . . . you mean like the majority of american's that already do ignore the guidlines? lol thank you very much for the info! from montreal! how do i start with my meals? i just recently was diagnosed with type 2 and have already started injections and pills. i'm not over weight. nailed it! basically, she's talking about the ketogenic diet. @r arbuckle you can have non starchy veggies on keto. @angstrom phlogistan true, but each persons carb tolerance is different, seems to run between 5 grams to 90, but most seem to fit in the 25 to 50 gram range. @r arbuckle you can have veggies in keto, just stay under 20 a day. i prefer ribeye, but veggies can be ok. it might be a ketogenic diet except she is adding vegetables. yep. very low carbs, moderate protein, high (natural) fats. go and look at dr eric berg videos on youtube. i think she mentions him in her presentation. good explanation of what's going on inside you. but sarah, if we just eliminate carbs and reverse type 2 diabetes, how will big pharma get $200-$400 per month from 1/3 of americans? stop! you are making perfect sense! healthier and cheaper? stop the madness! the fda says we must eat tons of carbs! so how a billion of chinese eats loads of carbs and have no problem wit obesity?? i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes about a year ago, shocked i endeavored to change my lifestyle. i lost 20 kg over about 6 months, cutting down on carbs and sugar, and doing a modest amount of exercise. 1 year later my diabetes has gone into remission, blood sugar now normal. just have to keep it up and eat healthy. low carbs and weight loss is the key i recon. i heard that scientist outside the us, discovers the old tb drug has the ability to slow down diabetes, if not stop it and allows people to make their own insulin. how much do the food companies, the ama, the doctors, the insurance companies, advertising companies and so on, profit from the population eating less food and healthy food? exactly. if you took chemistry class in high school you would know sugar/glucose are a chemical substance, and your body has excess you just have to cut it's intake. if you do physical activity (walking etc) the existing repository of sugar/glucose is consumed. protine does not converts to glucose (from chemical point of view) . vegetable greens don't turn into glucose. only stuff that tastes sweet turns into glucose (so seek out low sugar alternative fruit) and avoid pasta/bread (keep it super low). carbs have potential to turn into glucose inside body\nsugar c12h22o11 (chemical imprint)\nglucose c6h12o6 (chemical imprint)\nmagic rule #1 : those steam boiled vegetables can't turn into glucose\nmagic rule #2: that fish or lamb meat bbq can't turn into glucose\nmagic rule #3 : that refreshing lemon aid 100% guilt free no need to add sugar\nwhen no new material (glucose/sugar) is entering body , body is forced to use the existing supply in blood first and yes we see that magic drop in sugar level. great honest, expertise...i'm going to use the flours she recommends\nwhen i bake now :) let's thank the fda for promoting carbs to cure heart attacks go vegan. eat carbs. ride a bike. be happ. be healthy.\neating carbs makes me happy. lovely video! sorry for the intrusion, i would appreciate your opinion. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is a smashing one of a kind guide for reversing diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my friend finally got amazing success with it. appreciate video clip! forgive me for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you considered - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is a good one off guide for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some awesome things about it and my mate after many years got excellent results with it. nice video content! excuse me for butting in, i would love your initial thoughts. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is a smashing exclusive guide for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some great things about it and my old buddy taylor after many years got cool results with it. whole food plant based diet is the answer she speaks truth, unlike all these mds and politicians who are in the pockets of pharma, and need to keep this country sick so they can profit. her voice is way too high . what's sad is you can tell a million diabetics how to fix this and 90% will not do what's required to fix their diets. i've tried to tell my diabetic friends about this and they dig in and fight any change to their diets regardless of the science. carbs come before their lives. @tyna smith i know low carb. i got a card from my md. congratulating on not being borderline diabetic any longer. 45 lbs off to. 71 years old and feel good. when i first found out i had diabetes i turned it all around. i watch what i eat and cut out carbs. unfortunately with 7 mouths to feed affording carb free food for myself is rediculous. so most of the time i use small portions of what i cook for the whole family. we can't afford to make two meals all the time. 6months ago i was pre-diabetes and 266 lbs. well hearing that i jump back on atkins and low carb. now 225 and just had a blood test done and my dr. enclosed a note \"congratulations you are no longer pre-diabetes because of your weight loss\" partially true i think it's also that i'm not eating sugar and other carbs. that's because people are lazy. they would rather take a \"quick fix\" pill, than do the work of fasting, and watching what they eat. i am a former diabetic(type2), and have stabilized my blood sugar, and got it down to normal within a month. i still eat chocolate, and ice cream, once in a while, in limited quantities, but usually fast for 2 days afterwards to get the glucose out of my system. it's not easy, but so worth it...... @cesteres. better live without \"pretty girls\" than without toes,, limbs or vision. no carbs at all? :/ but ... that causes ketones which kills diabetics :/ (going by the \"carbs aren't required at all\" comment, not the recommendation for low carb diet) whole food plant-based diet great presentation! now if only we can get the nutritionists to change their guidelines. wow! simple smart advice. brave lady. the truth might set you free but it can also put a target on your back. it is so easy to say \"cut carbs\", and so, so, so hard to do. carbs are addicting! and addictions are very hard to break/change. i don't like vegetables, so your example of a delicious typical dinner (with mushrooms) is like eating grass to me. since i am a type 2 d, i continue to try but it is not at all enjoyable. lenore paletta good idea! thanks. i'm trying. darr1woods put a lot of butter on your cooked veggies. eye-opening!! what an excellent presentation thank you! the food and pharma industries have a lot of explaining to do over their misinformation for maximum profits over the last 50 odd years. true some pharma medications have helped many people but in general the medical profession is overprescribing unneeded meds for financial gains when lifestyle changes can often treat many conditions. getting to the real truth is very hard! learns rules with out knowing y they are rules, insulin goes up cell intake doesn't change therefore diabetes....care factor low with that explanation dug diabetes a problem because too much blood sugar which is a sign of too much blood sugar ...omg why are americans so highly predisposed to insulin resistance? are those particular ethnicities in america or does the general population suffer from this? do other countries have these sort of problems? 50% of americans have diabetes or pre-diabetes? wow. and still obese people are blamed for their situation and misinformed! horrible. i'm happy i lost the 20kg after being told the truth at last! great tips from sarah! every thing she has said is true! its so hard to eat carbs and sugar. i love soda but am yrying to cut back. plus exercising too. she didnt mention pasta which is high carb. wow, well spoken.\nas long as the elite have the upper hand we will keep declining health and wealth wise.\nyou don't have to be a doctor or a sufferer of diabetes to know this great human is speaking the language of truth and certainly against all her teachings.\nwe need more doctors to realise all their teachings are against humanity. curing illnesses is not beneficial to the pockets of the pharmaceutical giants. the american system is killing foreigners by bombing them and their own citizens by food poisoning. it's about time we all woke up and realised who the real enemy is.\ni wish her good health! great talk sarah, awesome :) would love to see any research that proves her point! if you know of any scientific articles, please share the link rawismyreligion: check out mercola.com--he always has references to scientific articles and advocates this type of diet. somebody tell me.. when she says grains does she mean lentils or morning cereals? mercede all refined grains. wheat, barley, rye and oats. eat almond and coconut flour. absolutely right. it is utter greed from the healthcare industry to keep persons with diabetes 2 on medication regardless of the nutritional advances by sciences achieved. it is the same with caries in teeth a matter of nutrition and not fluoridating of water. prof. kolath, dr j. schnitzer, countless other scientists including myself have proven that most illnesses are the result of misguided nutrition. advertising unhealthy products are one of the factors, but in many cases, the manufacturers of unhealthy foods are themselves owned by the medical industry (nestle) and are part of the vicious circle called civilisation illness, medical intervention, medication, wrong nutrition and commencing civilisation diseases including diabetes 2. diabetes is feeding us$250 yearly back into the health industry. why would they see any reason to change diets the health industry only changes things around and want to keep you alive, but not healthy. a healthy person is of no interest to the greedy health and food industry and their shareholders. ms hallberg is right. it is all a matter what you put in your mouth and the result is your health. people are going to take this advise and hurt themselves. human beings are designed to eat carbs, the saliva in your mouth produces alpha-amylase which is a starch digesting enzyme. low carb setting is survival mode when food is scarce and it can have long-term health issues. whole food plant based diet is the way to go. blue zones across the world have followed a high carb diet. @spyros tziotis utter rubbish! meat diet has no link with cancer there is not a single study to prove it. what does however cause cancer is when a meat (or any other diet) is combined with sugar , then we have a timebomb. exactly, cutting carbs is misleading. a banana has nothing to do with white flour or refined sugar! too many interests here. carniv diets(cancer) are more destructive than bad carb diets (diabetes) hurt themselves? long-term health issues? as compared to being diabetic? there are genetic differances between groups of humans on this.\nregions who did not have agriculture, mostly lived of meat suplemented by nuts, berries and fruits.\nthis is why native americans and inuits are the fattest ppl on average compared to other groups.\nthey are not build for a carb rich diet.\nwhere i come from, grain was in the form of flat bread up until the past 200 years, somewhere areound 10-15% of our calories, rest was from meat and fish. i have lost 27 pounds on a low carb (no bread) diet, but after 6 months, i felt a bit crazy and hormonal so i started eating a little bit of chocolate again. balance is key!! 30 g of carbs per day should be the highest allowed. basically, she's encouraging the keto diet. (see dr.sten ekberg for more info). what happens to cholesterol with this way of eating? i bet big pharma is going to hate this video. on d point lady..carbs are culprit... on d point lady..carbs are culprit... obesity is about making choices, just like alcoholics and drug addicts. i have been practicing 24 yrs. people who drink water, eat healthy, reduce sugar and carbs, don't smoke, don't do drugs are not in the hospital and do not need to see the doctor. healthy people are not insulin resistant. it's been over 2.5 years ago that i found this video that started my journey into the keto world, and allowed me to restore my health and happiness to a level i didn't know was possible. much gratitude to dr. hallberg and the many many doctors, scientists, nutritionists, and laypeople out there sharing info on this extraordinary way of eating. whatever you're doing is working, because you are very beautiful. we have t2 diabetes that runs in the family and after discovering i was prediabetic, tried the keto diet, but could never stick with it long term. i can see how eating low carb can control a person's blood sugar, but it's still just treating the symptoms and not the cause of the problem. i finally decided to start researching for a cure, so i could go back to eating ice cream and pizza lol. i found that way back in the early 1900's before they had insulin, doctors were treating t2 diabetes with vanadium and chromium. they didn't know why, but found all t2 diabetics were low on these trace minerals needed for glucose metabolism. then about 20 years ago after the mapping of the genome and discovery of free copper, a scientist found diabetics all had an elevated free copper, but didn't know how it caused diabetes. to make a long story short, god showed me the connection. the elevated free copper is an antagonist to vanadium and chromium and depletes them, along with other things needed for glucose metabolism. i lowered my free copper by taking high dose zinc, and started taking vanadium, chromium, ala, and other things that free copper depletes. now i'm cured and can eat all the carbs i want while maintaining a normal blood sugar. my t2 diabetic mother took insulin for decades and is now cured. she eats high carb and her fasting glucose is around 60. she also lost back down to a normal weight once she didn't have all the insulin and sugar in her bloodstream. let me know if you need more information about the dosages of these things or the free copper test code. it's a new test and is different than a normal serum copper test. anyway, how long have you been diabetic? update: now 3.5 years keto and still doing well! i lost 60 pounds in 4 months by dropping most all carbs.... i have a couple of tortillas now and then, but no bread and maybe a potato now and then, if my blood/glucose level is low..... a double-baked potato made with cream and cheddar cheese cut the carbs in half on the potato and it's so good..... broiled veggies, shrimp, fish, steak all the good stuff you can enjoy! try pizza made with a cauliflower and parmesan cheese crust......... i made a cauliflower pizza tonight and my blood glucose afterward was 86..... i was proud of that! .... listen to this lady, she knows! @thomas gronek i am going to try this one, tell your cousin thanks for the idea ! my cousin used to make pizza using flattened out ground beef (raw),,, next, slightly cook it in the oven, then add the sauce and cheese and bake until done. it was pretty good. i have diabetes.... what she is saying makes perfect common sense..... something i have learned over time.... no matter if you have diabetes of not,,, getting your glucose level down, helps so much with your craving appetite........... sarah, thank you, and thank god for you, and for what you are doing! i think she dropped a few nuclear bombs on the pharma... please be careful miss! what about fruits? i totally understand ditching refined sugars and starch, but most fruits have carbs as well right? i am from india and i want to thank dr sarah and ted talk for sharing this valuable information. i am diabetic and my fasting sugar level was 220 but it is now 145. yes it works guys save pharma...avoid this !! bravo! great video...but this is not news. the drs were telling my type 2 father 25 years ago to cut carbs. big pharmacy will murder her. i wish i would've seen and showed this to my mom who passed away almost a year ago because of her type 2 diabetes. at least i can show this to my dad because he is a bordeline diabetic. were can i get in contact with this doctor? love this lady, my ex went on a simular diet. she is off the bp meds, diabetic meds. went from size 22 to a size 4. has never had the energy or desire to get out and do things. she is truly living now. god bless her. yes yes yes!! i just learned i am diabetic on feb 28. when they told me what my recommended diet was, something didn't sound right! i followed it for 2 weeks and eventually found myself on a keto diet. i attended diabetes classes and have had to bite my tongue! i don't have to stay sick! i know a new drug from the united states, will make you improve and stop diabetes, you will not need any medicine any more, you care and need to really help the message + 840973146153 - zalo , facebook - i will help you this makes me crazy mad! why does the ada still have their heads up their rear ends? i'd already come to the same conclusion as this doctor lady and it changed by life when i changed the staple foods in my diet. i don't really miss the processed sweets because i have always preferred savory foods more. and i still have my non-starchy fruit when i want. i had raging inflammation in several joints and quitting carbs took 95% of the pain away and i lost a few pounds. ricky bobby same here. i had inflammation all over and it went away in the first few days of lowered carbs. this has been my experience with arthritis pain as well. keeping my low-carb kitchen has me 95% pain free as well. i am not certain whats new here i dont know a doctor who does not recommend the elimination of carbs short chain sugars and limit fats in the diabetic setting ??? this is a lot more difficult when one has multiple food allergies .... like nuts and coconut is this the same as the keto diet? what she's saying is true. i know this for a fact. along with exercise and drastically reducing my carbohydrate intake, i was able to decrease my a1c from 12, down to 5.2 and i am no longer required to take medicine of any kind. doctors like this lady take a lot on themselves by going against the medical establishment .\nmany kudos and thanks to her this is very informative. but still no 1 will tell you how food manufacturers are killing people. i did it also , i tell people who was the first people on earth & were did they live . . god it's so simple . people in biblical days lived to be hundreds of years old read the old testament from beginning. this video should be retitled \"how to stay insulin resistant to achieve lower blood sugar for a while.\" @davidfmayerphd neal barnard explains clearly the reason for diabetes in \"what the health\" @jason turner you are correct. i meant \"dried or preserved meat\". thanks. @davidfmayerphd not true. meat has vitamin c. particularly organ meat. have you ever even heard of someone practicing carnivore and eating fresh meat or got scurvy? you don't even need much vitamin c to prevent it. look into it @donald reitsma wrote: \"no need to eat plants.\"\nyou are joking, of course? plant free diet leads to fatal deficiency diseases such as scurvy. his basis is that he's a sad person who trolls. we should pity him. type 2 dm is not a disease it is result of corporate culture. you're solving one problem and causing another; heart disease... you are misinformed heather torres heart disease is not proven to be caused by fats, especially when there's not an excess of refined carbs and sugars truth her description is blurry and didn't hit the root factors, but good presentation. what about sugar alcohol like in the atkins low carb snacks? i was averaging a blood sugar level of 290 and tried the no carb thing this past weekend. i got down to 91. however, i had a huge headache come sunday and had to have carbs so i ate ice cream. didn't go way up but it went to 142 which was way better. it's going to be a tough ride to resisting the cravings. pork rinds are good to eat. every time you lower blood glucose by 20 points, you will have low blood sugar symptom even if blood sugar is still high.come down more slowly to not shock system. eat 12 added carbs per meal or snack. that is equal to one slice bread or small sweet potato, or half a fruit. dr. jason fung says that insulin resistance is the result of there being no more room anywhere to shove the blood glucose. its an overflow phenomenon. fasting and low carb diets lets the body burn of the excess glucose and fatty liver&pancreas (result of excess glucose).\nhighly recommend his talks i listen to anything he as out as well as purchased his books. i'd love to see him speak in person. he changed everything for me. metoo. ha, it works for me. @tankster i'd love to see some studies proving what you're saying. somehow i can't help but thinking it's utter hogwash. with professionals like this lady and many others snubbing big pharma (you know, those that cut big checks to their allies) to get some realfacts to the general public, it's hard they have an agenda beyond doing the right thing. talks, and books; the diabetes code details all these theories (his third book) it's like trying to stuff a fennec fox into a carrier. thank u so much for reading my tears wow the truth!! she missed the corporations who turn cheap ingredients in to food they are the reason why they attack any one who talks like her think atkins. she is correct about \"bad advice\" from the mainstream medical community. although she is offering much better advice (by comparison to the standard advice), she is not advocating a cure but a significantly effective dietary solution to control type two diabetes. she is not advocating an actual cure but a much better bandage.\nshe admits as much when she said \"no not a cure but they don't have diabetes anymore\"\nyou literally cannot claim to no longer have an illness (i.e. diabetes) while admitting you have not been cured. by definition if you have not been cured then you still have the condition (diabetes). but you can say that although you are not cured you do have your condition controlled.\non a side note most type two diabetes can be cured through dietary intervention (not just a keto diet like she is promoting) and exercise. but who knows if it will ever be commonly advocated. or eat entirely plant based? absolutely , right advise in every aspect. them ppl gonna run up on her.out here spreading the truth. huh?! lets see, i'm going to but it for my clients. she is trading one disease for another, diabetes for heart disease!!! fats and oils cause heart disease. ru 486 there is no actual study that proves that causally two weeks ago i was diagnosed with diabetes type 2. i felt devastated because my father died with severe consecuences of diabetes. i am just looking for info about this disease and i found you. i found hope, surely i'll take care of these carbs and i'll let you all know how does it go. i live in mexico, so it is not easy to get rid of sugar and carbs but i'll make it. thanks !!!!!! she is a quack. the diet of all human civilizations for 10,000 years have been built around carbohydrates. only in the last 50-75 years has obesity become a problem. it is snake oil to tell people to avoid carbohydrates. follow the money. she right. take her advice, at least for once, then you'll notice the difference in your lifestyle. i can cure ur type 2 diabetes whats app me +918157917710 what about lipotoxicity? google scholar it. i didn't know about that part of it. all lies yes, he will tell you to become an extreme vegan. and 99% won't do it. watch doctor neil barnard on this same subject on this same stage yup. my nurse hates me so i switched to my doc for my care. my total carbs at most each day is 45gms. total for the day. dropped my hba1c from 81 to 45 in 4 months. which is why my nurse hates me. go figure. stop the carbs??? the most successful civilizations in history have been living off carbs for thousands of years. indians and chinese with rice. peruvians with potatoes. the incans with corn and potatoes. the africans with barley. none of these civilizations have had a diabetic problem until the standard american diet (sad) starting reaching them just within the last 40 years. ive been eating a bunch of rice and potatoes for the past 44 years and i'm not close to becoming a diabetic. and i have the blood work to prove it. if you stop eating the meats and become a vegan, then you'll be fine. don't listen to this lady. my grocery bill has dropped dramatically since i started this lifetyle. i am inspired to try sarah hallberg's way of eating for diabetes. i was prescribed trulicity and have been fighting not using it for 6 months. i will start this lifestyle change before i try trulicity! thank you, sarah...!!! this advise is the exact opposite from dr. neil barnard. he advocates a vegan diet, and beans and plant fiber to fill you up. her advise is realistic. barnard's is not. well stated and great logic. thanks very much! american diabetes, american heart and american medical associations are too f*&^up. stay away from their recommendations in order to be healthy. she needs to run our government health system the fda. can someone pls sum up what her message is? something that humans have been doing for 10,000 years is the cause of a problem that showed up after ww2. 4.1k dislikes from pharmacological employees! lmao vegan? or elementary logicians with an eye for snake oil salespeople. and vegans. be careful with sugar substitutes. splenda , for instance acts like an antibiotic in the g.i. tract. pay attention to glycemic index . low glycemic metabolism is key. replace white bread with flourless whole sprouted grain bread. healthy fats from nuts ( walnuts ) etc. are important. nut based flours are now widely available. these are grain free. complex carbs are slower & heathier than \"candy\" , which is not food. cane sugar is more of a drug than a food ! isn't the ghrelin hormone making us hungry ? won't this diet, made of fats and proteins, especially animal foods, clog up your arteries? cbd oil helps with my neuropathy. carbs may not be something we need...but they sure are what we love and want for the pleasure of eating. also, don't we have to replace carbs with other stuff which then would be protein, will that inevitably be 'meat'? we must find a way to boost and maintain insulin by natural means. words are not enough. but thank you for posting this onto youtube. love it ! thanks for video, it's very helpful for my nursing research. her advice and science is flawed. look to dr. neal barnard or michael gregor what about legumes ... are they carbs ada is laughably discredited at this point ....but what is even more important is that we need to hold the people responsible for this 'advice' and the food pyramid accountable because they have hundreds of thousands of deaths and amputations on their hands my ex-wife used to tell me she could eat all the sweets she wanted as long as she ate protein at the same time. so with her donuts she drank milk. she's still 400 pounds and type 2 diabetic and having all kinds of issues. you have the answer, people just don't want to listen. @michael crosby, take.the carbs out you don't have a donut. @agape423 wait... you think ridiculing another human being is consistent with \"agape?\" @grizzlyadam smith and you wonder why no one dates you... glad she's your ex. save yourself. if you truly loved her once before you should gently ask her to see this. tell her to be open minded and it will save her life. best..i want to know you more dr atkins was right. i've been telling people this for twenty years. dr. atkins was very unhealthy, and not right. good short-term results, but in the long run it is disastrous. on point.. makes very good sense this is what my doctor did with me and i lost 30lbs in three months and my health problems have disappeared. not diabetic, but my late uncle and maternal grandparents were affected, and i am determined to dodge that bullet. i have struggled with weight and the effects of oa. i swear by low carb living. no tubers, grains, sugar, soy, or inflammatory oils. what a difference- lost 23 pounds to date and still making gradual progress. was just diagnosed 3 wks ago. got rid of carbs(sugar,wheat or potatoes) upped my protein intaked & only use coconut oil or omegas. my bs went from 450 to 110. a chinese dr. told me this info 25 yrs ago.\nno grain=no diabetes. however there are @ 2 dozen other reasons for elevated blood sugar that may be working in concert. among them are dimished number of working insulin receptor sites from eating toxic oils ie., burnt, hydrgenated oils, rancid, etc., chemtrails, deficient minerals in our farm soils, and more...\nnb. studies show that high insulin levels and metformin are both carcinogens so\ndon't hesitate. also, western man uses cubicle thinking which does not allow for integration of information from other cubes to see dis-eases are usually parts of a single whole illness.(illness and diease are not the same thing although they are talked of that way.) love to all... amen i like this but want to see the sarah hallberg cookbook and how many carbs can i have in a day? i eat one cup of dried everyday cooked of course so i guess i have to give that up. i loved this speech. she was so passionate, which made listening a joy! i am not a diabetic myself, but i'm a \"gym bro,\" with a huge interest in nutrition and exercise. i live in the uk, in a fairly working class area. i can tell you that the diets here are terrible too! i'm often advising someone that; carbs are not essential, don't feed your kids constant sugary snacks, and just generally giving advice. my parents neglect this and their diet is pretty shocking to say the least. my hope is that as this knowledge becomes widespread that people are educated from a younger age about true nutrition and this obesity and diabetic epidemic can be reduced. her advice and science is flawed. look to dr. neal barnard or michael gregor dr mcdougall (vegan doc) broke several bones, took some time to heal, yet carried right on lecturing about how even vegans don't need vitamin d3 supps. just a little sunlight.\nwell if he can't get it right?\nsee his lecture on d3. he did that just months after multiple fractures.\nhe needs to rethink his recommendations. possibly its the aluminium being sprayed into the skies that's blocking some of the rays, along with poisoning our soil too?\nall i know is, i became very d3 deficient after 4yr vegan wholefoods (many other problems too ) . my bones became so painful i had to lie with them raised at a steep angle for hours a day. hard to get much work done like that.\nand aircraft contrails today sometimes behave very differently to the ones when i was a child. rickets is making a come back in many western countries. something ain't right. poor dr atkins : the man was light years ahead and few believed him. i found all this to be true when i first read his book all those years ago, followed by the eades plans. i love her k what if using more fatty acid diet cause ketoacidosis???\nis not is the loophole in this method? ans plz why don't she write down in the space above what are the essentials to do it.\ncan she just say we should only eat low carb food and eat at anytime when hungry.\nwith this simple statement, it summarizes the gist of it.\nwhat is important to audiences there and readers here is to know where is the clinical evidences.\nclinical evidences like blood test reports before and after to prove that it had worked. did she seal this complete talk from dr eric berg or what.? cook naturally simple as that do that twice a day . i'm newly diagnosed t2 diabetic and went into the keto diet as soon as i found out. i wasn't sure i was doing the right thing but i'm glad i watched this video. i'm only two week in and have already lost a stone, my bloods have gone down dramatically. i have cut out all bread, rice, pasta and potatoes as well as sugary drinks and sweets. finger crossed i can get off all the meds soon. slapping stuff i'm on 500mg metformin twice a day.. it's the glicazide i want off as soon as possible though. i'm hoping at my first 3 month review they will let me come off them both. my bloods have been down to around 6-8 in the morning at fasting so seems to be going well, hard to tell if it's the no carbs or meds though. i hope your mum is ok. kerrie hume-anthony first of all i hope it works out for ya, secondly my mom just got diagnosed with t2 and i was wondering whether or not she should take the metformin whilst she's cutting carbs out considering that it lowers your blood sugar and the carbs are to bring it to normal. hey everyone i want to share my experience after using dr kanayo 14 days herbal treatment dr kanayo whatsapp contact # +1:909:375:564:7 i've been suffering from diabetes for the past couple of years. i've tried everything possible to get rid of it but non ever work until last two weeks i saw a post from a man thanking dr kanayo here on youtube for curing him from hiv aids completely. i thought to myself why don't i give it this last try and to god be the glory it turns out to be the real cure. i'm truly free from diabetes. thanks again dr kanayo i pray you stay safe from this wicked government we have!!! how does this work for active type 2 diabetics with sub-optimal bmi? obesity is not a disease, it's a reaction...a response. nice try, though. oh yeah fruit and salad gave me diabetes thnak you for sharing your expertise, miss sarah. it's a god send!! why oh why don't doctors, etc......differentiate complex carbs from simple carbs. totally different thing. why do people still not know this? maybe they know something that you don't about carbs? diabetes is the subject of her talk, but it isn't the only reason that people go keto. some want to lose weight without feeling hungry all the time. others need to get rid of foods that give them bowel irritation. a complex carb in an irritated bowel would be explosively unpleasant. @let them eat cake right, well, it's 11 months later, which is \"sustained\" for the purposes of low carb, and i have more energy than ever. still not much, but more than i had when i was 300 pounds and staring down the barrel of prediabetes type 2, and a lot more than would be explained by weight loss alone. meat, cheese and greens - a winning strategy for healing if you aren't allergic to dairy. @let them eat cake \"i suffered candida 10 years nothing worked it always came back. before i figured it out without a doctors help i laid in my recliner dead drunk from the brewing of alcohol in my gut which kept my sugars running between 400 and 600+. i missed out on the last 5 years of my husbands life he passed 6/29/14. i am sick of it all. \" what caused this? eating what the doctor said to complex carbs deadly poison. @let them eat cake i guess you didn't have to crawl out of your death bed against the doctors orders just to live. @let them eat cake stop passing that bs to people that are dying from carbs poisoning. low carb keto saved my life i had already given up was preparing for my death. i paid off all my debts. said my goodbye's to family and friends. told doctors i could not live like this anymore made out a living will with dnr. i enjoyed this talk very much, and i have been on similar diets that have worked for me, in the past.\nhowever i was crushed to find that she now is a medical director of a company that charges $370 a month, plus a $500 startup fee in put what she refers to in this diet, into a diet plan for you. yes she does have clinicians to talk to, and diet coaches to follow up with you, but it just reeks of something being not right, in my humble opinion.\ni guess what really bothers me about dr. hallberg is during this talk, she mentions that there is a lot of money involved with companies who make profit from grain foods, or from other companies who are making money on people being sick. so she turns around and starts a new company that charges exorbitant fees to get actual diet advice? that just doesn't make sense.\ndr. hallberg, if you ever get to read this, i'm shocked by what has happened since this talk in terms of the virta company. and you crushed my hopes for something that works. people can do it on their own, without paying an arm and a leg...but some people need the extra push, and if they're paying so much money may feel more motivated because of that. self-control plays an important role. hormones, genetics, etc are problematic but people eat when they don't need to and for the wrong reasons. plus we produce food in the wrong forms. restaurants, food commercials, get togethers all involve eating. let's find something else to do. although many catholics are overweight we have lent and in some rites other times during the year where food is the last thing you should think about. dr. atkins certainly had the right idea, didn't he? i like oatmeal though...:( darling nerd laugh by presenter @ 11m35s. very good !!!!! she's the real thing ! listen to her - now !! dam good advice! yes this will likely help you... comment from a former diabetic. (-: they are to blame. its called personal responsibility. sarah, think about this......not politically correct but the discovery of insulin was not well thought out. the administration of insulin to brittle diabetics allowed the children to live to breeding age. now 100 years later the rocket scientists can't understand why diabetes is on the rise and we have new types???? (the brain surgeons shout mcdonalds or coca cola) there are billions of diabetic gene carriers world wide now and it will only get worse as they find each other, mix their genes (dna) and make more little baby diabetics...... sterilization would have been the key back in the 20's but now. way too late now (see i told you it was not politically correct). i here you say 50% of us now have diabetes or pre- diabetes. hummmmm wonder why this is a new problem 3 or 4 generations after the discovery. i wish i could give this talk two thumbs up. how can 4k people not like this talk?! ketone diet save my life~ fried eggs it is. just apply the korean diet ( just don't eat ) in the rest of the world we call it intermittent fasting.\nit's plain and simple, doesn't cost anything and is adaptable by any living being. just simple wow , great information <3 <3 <3 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ subtitle please. this is for all people or just english man. if you liked this excellent talk, follow up with valter longo and benjamin bikman. both are researchers who explain the mechanisms and research behind why this works. hahaha, so what about japan? japan has one of the lowest diabetes rates among countries of this planet, yet all they seem to eat is rice. (no offense to my japanese guys - i love your food!) except the best source of amino acids? fruit and veg, cutting carbs will increase insulin resistance hba1c is 6.4 percent. i am a type one. is there any hope for me? i think i have had novorapid and lantus just thrown my way because it is convenient to administer. i was told i was \"diabetic\" and they put me on insulin... and i looked at the \"diet\" they wanted me to follow... and found that if i followed it then i'd be on insulin for the rest of my life.\nso i changed my diet and eventually got to the diet that sarah talks about bit by bit and got off the insulin.\nhad i seen this video long time ago i'd have saved myself 3 months of trial and error. it is the very carefully planned chemical combination of salt, sugar and oil from the major processed food companies that are the addictive and resulting primary cause of obesity.\navoid anything with a label.\nperiod, end of story. wow. an md who can speaks with a flare. what do you know? a great and very informative video, thank you for the important advices. i love you being the us i can't help but feel the pharmacy companies had a hand in the diabetes guide. i am now absolutely convinced that i do not need carbs! great video. thanks you so much! just like dr. berg and dr. jason fung , my favorite false ... historically ... outside of our present cancer ridden , obese , heart diseased .. society ... man previously got the majority of their caloric intake from starches ... carbs... asia - rice ..... south america - corn and potatoes ... middle east - wheat and barley .... results ... no heart disease ... no cancer ... no type 2 diabetes .... the meat and dairy is what is killing us ... see .. \" starch solution ' dr. john mcdougall great tedx! our federal government's dietary recommendations are making us sick! awful advice if bob miller thinks this is awful advice, he is in the dark/vegan activist. prove it. another vegan activist? excellent! diabetes is a ... business! just like cancer, and...and....just about everything else (unfortunately). lovely video! sorry for butting in, i would love your thoughts. have you ever tried - patlarny diabetes ruins principle (do a search on google)? it is a good exclusive guide for destroying diabetes minus the normal expense. ive heard some interesting things about it and my old buddy taylor at last got great success with it. why did this make me emotional? lol happy cry...i don't know why... xd sounds like ada is in the pocket of big pharma! thanks sarah. please also help to understand if a person can function normally on low carb diet.. with no grain. how does the brain work in job stress and daily routine when brain power is needed, which is energy derived from carbs dr hallberg can you please make a video responding to dr. scott garish and his insistence that eating fats creates diabetes. wow !! so informative i will change my diet because there is diabetes in my family . thanks ! i needed this a kick in the pants! i saw it in zhihu ,it told me that 3,000,000 pepole had listened this talk and i was confused whether this tallk give us the right advices ,and now i believe it what about athletes and bodybuilders? they don't need carbs at all???? \"as you see in the graph!\" if you cut everything out, of course you will loose weight. also food manufacturers keep putting sugar into every food product then people get diabetes, then they say people are obese etc.. nothing makes sense ....the brain uses carbohydrates? a keto diet has great benefits for about the first couple of years but after that other symptoms start to show themselves that could be life threatening which is why it was never recommended. look into case studies that were done over 5+ years on the keto diet and it will show that it doesn't work for the long term. your body and brain needs carbohydrates.\nthat's why everything she talked about was \"recently done\" not done years ago. low carb? ok for diabetes. but what about the increase in fats, does this not clog up our arteries? she is not addressing the 'why' is it that their insolen isnt able to trigger the burn of the complex carb. rediculous vegan is a carb heavy diet but the carbs come mainly from vegetables and fruit which don't spike insulin.remove high fructose corn syrup,added sugar and refined flour.fats can come from avocados and nuts if you think fructose is healthy, you are mistaken. fruit for humans was never as sweet as fruits hybridized today. fruit was meat to be eaten only during the summer months, not all year around. carbs are not essential. fats and proteins are essential! i def agree that 135 g or carbs/day is too high for a diabetic. indeed! you would need a full body gym workout out plus one mile cardio to get them sugar levels back to normal after all them carbs. i guess vegans are a loss cause because vegetables and fruits are carbs. funny how people in china eats 90% carbs and only about 1% of the population have diabetes, something must be the problem. just watched this and dr barnard on ted x - admittedly from 6 years ago - both seem to be championing two different approaches - he supports carbs and high veg/low meat intake - confusing! ir is not because of fatty cells, it is simply because of the high amout of sugar in the blood that insulin can't control. sugar that comes from carbs and refined sugar this isn't nonsense. you're ill -informed well don't be confused, high carb eaters don't lose weight, like when you eat a baked potato , the starch in it turns into sugar, sugar is sugar just bad for you. you should only eat when you are hungry because every time you eat your insulin levels increase. delia garcia\nwhole bread to be exact is healthy but white bread is bad. whole bread has the fiber and polyphenals it needs to be whole. not confusing at all. good carbs are vegetables and fruits. \"bad\" carbs are bread and white flour pasta. thanks for the very interesting and helpful information. as an integrative registered dietitian, i really appreciate it. i want to emphasize how imperative it is however that recommendations need to be personalized to the individual, and that genetics, history, and current medical issues should always be taken into account as much as possible. this strategy may be absolutely life changing for one individual and have less positive effects on another. thanks so much. great info for the person like me who just diagnosed with the diabetes fast food... wendy's mcdonald's rally's taco bell.. mountain dew coca cola we want the food we want it now.. super size it... i read a ton of books and articles about food. i came to the same conclusion as michael pollan: eat real food, not too much, mostly plants. or in other words: avoid everything that's overly processed. just one more confusing and one dimensional approach to a very complex problem brilliant! . . . . . apart from her very squealy screechy voice that took a while getting used to. it rily helped me i no hev dyebitis enymore ;d any systematic reviews of rcts ? omg sarah you will kill so many people in years to come from heart disease with this advice. please go to planet based news and watch low carb keto diet debunked. also have a look at how to reverse t2 diabetes. there's also a doctor named neal barnard who could help you understand how diabetes can be reversed and live long and happy lives without the risk of having a stroke or heart attacks. many thanks i hope i can stop thinking about chinese food soon. smh you couldn't be more wrong thank you dr. sara for lighting up . thank you dr. sarah. i started this and in one day i went from numbers in the 300's to post meal of 166!!! i was diagnosed with diabetes thursday and felt totally overwhelmed because the doctor told me she should start me on insulin but was going to give me 3 months to get this under control and lose weight. thank you first thing the doctors said when my ex husband was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes was that he didn't have to change his diet entirely, just limit it, that he could have brown rice and complex carbs. they also said he could eat fruit, because it's considered complex. every time he would eat fruit, his sugar went up. same with rice. they told him he could eat 1 medium sized potato per week. after spending a few months watching this happen, i became involved by reading the back of every label, watching his carbs, reduced them to less than 20 carbs per day, and within 6 months, he came off of metformin, lost 100 pounds, and is no longer diabetic. is he back on a normal diet with no insulin issues? because if not, then he is still diabetic. the keto diet seems like a great way to manage diabetes, but that's not the same as a cure (especially for severe cases, or cases that are complicated by other health issues) @johnny penso hope you know the condition called high blood pressure. if you do you might know that not all patients get the same medication dose or the same number of medications. some patients of high blood pressure can get better by just lifestyle changes (like exercise, losing weight) or very minor medications. some of the patients need two three or ever five or six medications.\njust like blood pressure diabetes cannot be boxed into one small box. wish i had time to explain this in detail.\na crazy statement, diabetes is not a condition of high sugar intake but lack of, ineffective or resistance to insulin. someone can have a complete absence of insulin (as in type 1 diabetes) but others have varying degrees of deficiency or resistance of insulin. thus trying to tell a type one diabetic to take keto lchf diet and his diabetes will be criminal if a doctor said it. i will personally take them to court as it will cause the death of the person.\na person with mild resistance or deficiency of insulin may get better by the diet (partly by losing weight) but you can prescribe the same treatment for the higher grades of the disease.\nactually, if a person stops medications or insulin (if they really need it) will result in a condition called ketoacidosis or hyperosmolar coma and result in patient death. and you will ask how do i know because i as a physician have seen many such deaths over the last 25 years of my carrier. @rrreshi the key isn't always losing weight. my brother in law is 5'5\" and a muscular 130 lbs and he's diabetic. obesity is a symptom of the poor diet and diabetes goes along with the poor diet and the obesity. sometimes you can cure the obesity by reducing the weight any way you can, sometimes you can't. but as far as i can tell, lchf is pretty much a surefire way to get rid of diabetes whether you are overweight or not. key is losing weight. now there is only half of the load for the same amount of insulin thus he is not longer a diabetic. it is not the diet but the weight loss that is the cure of some people with type 2 diabetes. good for you and your husband! glad to know you didn't just trust the doctors blindly it's not carbs. it's the meat. basically, the meat damages the vein lining. and the carbs prevent the damaged lining from being repaired. or just stop adding so much water. a plug is a good analogy, but doesnt tell the whole story. some sugar is still getting into cells (if not, they would have ketoacidosis), but the body still is receiving more sugar than needed. once the sugar is no longer overwhelming the needs of the body, as it does in our modern diet of processed carbs, insulin resistance recovers. the \"plug\" is there for a reason. the body is smart - it knows it is getting too much sugar, and it begins to refuse it - thus decreased insulin sensitivity. it causes spikes because the insulin is not doing it's job!! think a basin/sink full of water. the plug represents insulin and the water represents glucose. if you keep filling the basin and don't pull the plug...what do you think will happen? at no point does this video address with any science, what it is that stops the insulin from doing it's job. ray staar that makes no sense sugar and starch jack up triglycerides. i went on a 15 day fresh juice fast and i lost weight temporarily but it doubled my triglycerides and cholesterol via confirmed blood tests. normal levels 3 to 4 oz a meal does not raise bad cholesterol and artery plaque, sugar does. i can switch from meat to vegan and cholesterol total number stays about the same. just the bad cholesterol and triglyceride numbers change and swap places on the test report. try it and see. true thank you watch tim noakes instead much more interesting. drama queen. talk to us as adults not 5 year olds. ketogenic been around for years. duhhhh fabulous!!! truth finally wilford brimley needs to see this plant based whole food no oil will cure diabetes and about a dozen other chronic diseases to boot! @be your own doctor eat like a cow, look like a cow. eat like a lion or wolf, and youll get that same lean build. i dont see many apex predators waiting in line for salad, except people. @nice dad epic retitle @angstrom phlogistan there's no other creature the takes oil as a source of lipid. they all eat their food whole. no oil? did you miss the part of the presentation about lipids being an essential macronutrient? i agree that a vegetarian diet can be healthy, but oils must form a part of it. stop gobbling up refined sugar and processed carbohydrates! eat more vegetables and nuts. i did just that plus a little fruit every day. i did nothing else and lost 40 lbs. over a 6 month period. furthermore, my blood panel showed that everything was within the proper limits. an exercise program makes all your systems run better. so there you have it.\nit has been found that everyone responds to the food they eat in different ways. for example, with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, the insulin response in two individuals can be completely different! for about $200 you can have your genome checked to find your heritage, and you can now get a health profile as well. you then have a better idea of how your body will respond to certain food groups etc. this is the excatly same like dr berg youtube videos. not true keto diet! am i the only person who remembers dr. atkins? this is basically his entire life's work which was debunked because he died of heart disease. at eighty-four. i find it hard to believe this woman didn't at least give him some mention. dr. adkins died after slipping on ice and hitting his head. what about cardiovascular* health* cutting down or eliminating alcohol is hugely effective in helping getting rid of type 2 diabetes. that and dieting and some moderate exercise. worked for me.\nps - exercise can kill, or at least hugely alleviate, depression. excellent presentation and it reversed type2 i have had two doctors tell me type 2 diabetes cant be reversed, so how do i know which doctor to believe? one of the most annoying and non-scientific talks on youtube. trust me on this - blood glucose and insulin response vary depending on the type of carbohydrate consumed. eating low carb is a better and more effective treatment option, but it still does not address the root cause of why the metabolic system is malfunctioning. some people eat high carb/high sugar all their lives without any problem or developing diabetes, so the problem isn't the carbs, it is a malfunction in the metabolic system, and i wish doctors would work to figure out what exactly that malfunction is. mitochondria +anibal arauz. true fatty liver causes diabetes the comments section once again proves the problem with modern medicine. read\nall the \"facts\" and \"solutions\" people are throwing out here. it's fun to read everyone's opinions. @knittingknut but what about protein raising insulin as well? jane donut a much good and true, but this video does a gigantic disservice to viewers by lumping all carbs together. she repeatedly says, \"carbs are bad.\" true that some of the worst foods are carbs, but some of the very best foods are carbs too. pitiful she didn't explain glycemic index and how to know if a carb is good or bad. all carbs that spike insulin are bad. fiber can't be digested. @shinalive n o..we need carb.s for energy and they fill u up. for me they sedate me. without carb.s i'd need lude's. @stormy weather you're allergic to bees, but if they sting slowly it's okay. just cut the damn carbs instead of trying to make something work that isn't needed in the first place. @frankacuso\nno they are not. it's carb load that measures how fast the carb.s from whatever food turns to sugar in the bloodstream. low carb and slow carb. great talk, although i do not have diabetes i had very severe chronic skin problems for years, and with just adjusting my diet alone my cleared up my skin and changed my life. thank you. you just saved my life and the lives of many of my family and friends. hey everyone, wants to know more about treating diabetes the greatest success that i've ever had was with the diabetes crusher tactic (just google it) without a doubt the best resource that i have ever followed. i would like to see this compared to a whole food plant based diet! helen ruth i was thinking the same thing. let's compare the two and see whose healthier in the long run. on jan 01 2018 i was diagnosed as type 2 diabetic. my blood sugar was in the high 500's. i know a walking time bomb. i watched this video and subsequently implemented the doctor's advice in my lifestyle. fast forward to february 13, 2018. after recording all my blood sugar readings it showed of average range of 91 to 101. my doctor's first word to me were \"it's a miracle\" you are no longer a diabetic. i can't go back to eating like before, i just need to keep eating and exercising the way i have been the last six weeks. a very big thank you , to doctor sarah halberg!....folks it can be done. @tony collyweston listen to the lecture. she's not saying you can cure diabetes, & go back to the standard american diet. if you do, you go right back into diabesity. but you can choose to avoid that. did you took medications i got diagnosed today and im 24 and my doctor is putting me on meds but im too confused your story mirrors mine.\ni was diagnosed a couple of weeks ago with type 2 diabetes because of my 350 glucose level.\ni know i was eating a lot of sugars to include those deathly energy drinks, when i had the bloodwork done.\nthe day of my diagnosis i also received a glucose monitor.\ni cut out the energy drinks the obvious sugars and started watching my calorie and food intake. my glucose came down to 197 and about a week later it's down fluctuating between 150 to 170.\ni've started on met forman with is a insulin resistance med and it brought my glucose down to 121.\nnow with this video i will definitely be watching my carb intake much closer.\nmy doctor also said to limit my carb intake from 45 to 60 grams per meal.\ni'm looking to get the diabetes situation under control!\nthank you dr. sarah halberg @tony collyweston yes, like i'm still an alcoholic even though i haven't had a drink in 32 years. listening! and eliminating carbs and going vegan for two years is how i beat type 2 and dropped over 30 lbs. what she's saying is true! what are the safe fats wouldn't cholesterol increase? i knew this. but my doctor put on my records non compliant. she told me to eat a sandwich at nite if my levels are low and still take my insulin. if it's low before my insulin i'm not eating at nite especially if i'm not hungry. nor do i take insulin shot just my pill. then i check in the morning. usually it's normal. or too low. i told her. then i'm not compliment. do i have to take my diabetes medications still with cbd oil ? i also want to congratulate sarah for speaking out about this. i know from personal experience that she is correct. just by reducing carbs my blood sugar went from over 300 to a range of 91 to 110, without any other change. i helped my father reverse his late stage diabetes, with a whole foods, plant based diet, as recommended by dr barnard and dr macdougall. he ate mostly carbs (sweet potatoes, beets, etc), no oil, very few fatty foods in general (1/2 avocado every other day). he did so much better than when he was on a low carb diet and was able to get off all of his diabetes meds in one month. this woman's talk is actually a bit scary. let me correct your video title: \"reversing type 2 diabetes starts with going to a doctor (and not by watching youtube videos)\" she's basically promoting a ketogenic lifestyle. avoiding gps (grains, potatoes, sugar) helped reverse my prediabetes in 3 months. it's a very helpful mnemonic for me. we don't need to eat carbs, imagine that! and my excess weight just went away, effortlessly. thank you, dr. hallberg, for this life-changing video. and thanks to ted talks. the americana diabetes association is big business booster , don't believe them,stop consuming sugar and stop carbs , magic will happen i have spent months studying curing diabetes after which we found a fantastic resource at diabetes crusher tactic (google it if you're interested) she sounds just like dr. jason fung.\ngood stuff big pharma doesn't want people to follow what she is saying! they want people sick and on pills forever. they all shall pay dearly one day. all of the doctors who know better about cancer cures and other things, and keep that information to themselves. pay dearly. so totally agree with you, christine - and for anyone says you are wrong - well they are probably a big pharm employee or shareholder!! such as anthony martin above!! is that wrong? off course that's a blood business pharam companies lives on...in india we had ayurveda..no chemical all natural cures... unfortunately we didn't record it well and it got shattered with era of foreign invansions. such a doll ! start out walking and then add h.i.i.t. . athlean x has free youtube fitness vids, jeff has his master's degree in physical therapy. he can get and keep you fit and uninjured. baby steps. my bio-father and his bro died 2 weeks apart just after this christmas, due to diabetes. this has freaked me out and i am going to live like i have diabetes, so if i do get it it won't be such a burden in the future. dr atkins vindicated! he was telling us this fourth years ago. she is incorrect. that is all. how about white rice?\ni cant stop eating rice that's your choice, but you could try lowering portion sizes of rice. you could also try cauliflower rice. changing habits and tastes can be hard, but little changes over time can make a big difference. if you are battling type 2, don't eat it until your blood sugars are normal. excellent video content! apologies for the intrusion, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (have a quick look on google cant remember the place now)? it is a great one of a kind product for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some super things about it and my buddy got great results with it. i just replaced my cereal breakfast(mostly carbs) with an vegetable omelette and i have to shop for new smaller sized clothes. it has been just less 8 weeks. i started reducing my carbs at lunch and dinner and i am feeling lot better than before. i am glad we have doctors like sarah. @amkarei good fats: olives, avocado, coconut, saturated fats in meats and cold water fish. i'm sure there are plenty more. andjela v h satish mamindla @fred t also don't forget your morning number is typically higher than it is even after a time post-meals. the \"dawn syndrome\" effect i think it's called when the body releases the sugars to wake up. when eating carbs, having a good bit of fiber means the sugar spike is much less spiky. so it's always good to eat foods this way vs say snacks by itself. kccat5 i'm starting to understand that but it can be quite difficult and surprising sometimes. 40-60 grams carbs per meal? that's insane!!! misinformation overload lmfao cheers for the video content! forgive me for the intrusion, i would appreciate your opinion. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is a good exclusive product for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some great things about it and my mate got great success with it. lovely video! sorry for the intrusion, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you ever tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (search on google)? it is an awesome exclusive product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some incredible things about it and my old buddy taylor finally got astronomical success with it. without trying to sell me something, where and what are the diets she is suggesting i'm going to assume she is advocating unsaturated fats and not saturated fats. it wouldn't be good to reverse your diabetes only to increase your ldl. what do you do if your a vegetarian? just eat dairy all day long? yes, diabetes stuff / medicine is expensive. i totally agree. the insulin pump alone costs 3 grant. guys!!! our bodies need carbs / sugars for our organs to function. otherwise we die!!! realy? i would like to talk to a dr about this. it just seems too good to be true. thank you i've learned so much and i'm going thru my fridge and pantry now after watching this video i'll let you know how things are going in this video every month why is everyone here so impressed??? she didn't say what to eat or how to eat it? duh, did i miss that part? so you can cure my wife who is 72 with diabetes for 22 years and has severe neuropathy in her legs and feet and barely walk and is morbidly obese. i was waiting to be told what to eat and how.. but it never happened. now that is fishy. where do i go to look for that now? i totally agree. nonsense....search on youtube for' neil barnard tackling diabetes '... her words have alot of power. great, video and for the anti keto army: realise that before you hate on this video everybody has different genetics and if someone can handle eating 300+ carbs a day and still be perfectly healthy in his 50+ doesnt mean that you can. even the fact that they probably excercise 5-7 times per week and that plays a huge role. so dont compare genetic freak that excercise a lot to a sedentary person with poor genetics.\namen @ted whitten are you me the only time lchf becomes even slightly harmful (or more accurately, \"less effective\") is when people overeat on protein. everything in moderation, folks. if you eat too much protein, the body converts it to sugar through gluconeogenesis. make sure you're eating in moderation, and preferably, using intermittent fasting. muki style fitness i used to need to consume a ton of food everyday, else i could easily drop 20lbs in a week (which i've done more than once in the past due to either not being able to afford food, or trying some diet recommended by a gym).\nnow i eat less than 2 meals per day and continue to gain weight--which seems to be a direct result of bodily damage done by severe allergies. my body just doesn't have the ability to process food like it used to, because many of the functions i used to be able to do have decreased across the board (memory, stamina, immune system, hormones, starting energy, digestion, etc).\ndiet isn't just about what your body genetically starts out with--it's also about what you're recovering from or currently going through. thank you for a great presentation i needed to hear this. good information on diabetes and nutrition, truth speaker you have to eat in advance of becoming hungry.\nthat's the trick to not binging junk when a diabetic.\nyou have to preempt hunger. is bacon safe to eat, while doing a low carb diet? one of the concerns i have in this presentation, is that the good doctor does not touch base on the foods that our ancestors have livedon wheats, with no epidemic in type 2 diabetes. the western world has been living on wheat products for thousands of years, why has there been a dramatic change since gmo was introduced on a massive scale to our food staple thathas been compromised? and in large parthas created this type of epidemic? these questions should also be addressedin these type of scientific discussions. i do appreciate dr. sarah hallberg's well qualified talk,and yes i agree on her immediate action to type 2 diabetes,but more discussions on monsanto'spush to absolute control of the world food supply should be inserted into this type of platform. usually a parasite in the liver will end up causing malfunction in the pancreas...then...diabetes... brilliant! absolutely brilliant! when i was small snacks were discouraged as my gran said 'it'll spoil your dinner'; if i was really hungry because dinner was delayed for some reason, i would eat a piece of fruit, such as an apple, or have a chunk of cheese. a 'snack' now is something in a plastic bag, usually made from a grain. excellent! congratulations!!! thanks, that was an inspiring talk. i'm hoping i can do what you say, i'm certainly going to try. complete and utter nonsense by the usual nutritionally uneducated doctor. cutting out glucose is simply hiding the underlying problem, this type of management leads to the classic problems supposedly related to diabetes but actually caused by the management. insulin sensitivity is improved by eating complex carbohydrates, even simple table sugar. rice - why weren't asians all diabetic on their classic diet? saturated fats from animal foods, fish and dairy block glycogen storage by the appropriate cells in the body. read or listen to anything by neal barnard or dr mcdougall on diabetes. there are also the guys from mastering diabetes nowadays also who virtually live on fruit although they are quite young to really see the full impact of this approach over a lifetime. the likes of dr mcdougall have success over thirty or forty years. the really frightening aspect of this woman's poor knowledge is the fact that the correct approach to diabetes was discovered nearly 100 years ago. look up dr shirley sweeney diabetes, percival hemsworth diabetes, walter kempner diabetes, nathan pritikin diabetes, dean ornish diabetes as well as barnard and mcdougall and discover how wrong this woman and mainstream treatment of diabetes is @j. kim \"i can safely speak for the entire asian race when i say that we don't want to be a part of you crazy vegans. cheers.\" best comment ever! lol...*applaud* @richard jackson watch videos from ivor cummings scarlett doll you cal look up the study yourself. they dramatically improved across over 20 biomarkers @jim kennedy how is their colon health? what do their arteries look like? i was diagnosed with diabetes type 2\ni joined a gym watched what i ate and eventually i not only lost weight but my a-1c became normal but i haven't been on any meds for over 5 years so what you ate? this woman is a quack. she has it all backwards. i changed my diet. no flesh of any kind. no oils of any kind. i eat starch, carbs all day long. i never counted a calorie or a carb. i ate when hungry and stopped when full. before changing my way of eating my a1c, a measure of your past 3 months blood sugar, was 11.5. after 3 months of no flesh no oils my a1c 6.2. with in a week i was off insulin and pills for diabetes. this quack is dishing up death with her love of fats. she should be stripped of her medical credentials. i had type two diabetes. i was at 280 pounds. after going whole foods plant based no oil way of eating now at 225 and still losing weight. wearing smaller sizes of clothes for the first time in 35 years. her diet works, for a bit, but while you are eating her way, plaque is forming in your arteries. she is wrong. i urge all of you to listen to dr. john mcdougall's ted talk. listen to dr. t. colin campbell's ted talk. and last but not least dr. caldwell esselstyn's ted talk. reference the china study. watch the documentary film forks over knives. the standard american diet is the pathway to the grave. what to eat in type 2 diabetics... i m type 2 diabetic..fasting sugar level 160 approx. height 174cm weight 80kgs.\npls tell me what to eat to remove diabetes from my body. want to 100% cure from diabetes.\nthank you. words cannot express how much i love this ! this woman is spot on, her video should be played on national tv at least once a day so the average american can know the truth, because most doctors will not tell you, they just keep prescribing more and more drugs i know this firsthand, my health is just getting worse and worse time to make a change thanks sarah hallberg's approach seems to be addressing the first symptom caused by insulin resistance, which is high blood sugar. but what is causing insulin resistance in the first place? probably the constant influx of glucose the pancreas has to deal with on a everyday basis, or the intake of insulin also that diabetics get prescribed, you're in-taking it so your body gets that signal and really stops producing it on your own she is right. the pharmaceutical industry is very crooked and their goal is to keep you sick so they can sell you more meds. a lot of the guidelines are not there to help you but instead to help them. @christian z i agree that plant based ends diabetes but its not the \"only way\". most of the stuff she claims in the video are backed by basic physiology. @kccat5 so true follow the money the usda is also a corporation interested in making money for themselves...agriculture means plants, grains are cheap to produce so give a big profit margin. dear miss nemisis, thank you so much for writing. it has been so long and i truely miss you. how are things since your release? billy from down the street just bought a new car, he and nancy-jane are gonna get hitched...her paw was a fixin' a shotgun weddin' bi the moon-lit shaders, but billy's brunkle come up with some money fir a proper way. it seems he been sparkin nancy-jane fer quite a bit but nobody knowed about it till last friday. billie-joe was a swimin' off the tallahasse bridge and the last time she forgetted to come up fer air. ain't nobody seen her since. i gotta go, it time to take the py out dhe oven. see ya soon, and tell yer ma and pa we seid hi. christian: thank you for your comment, i was concerned that if i posted the fact that low carb diets were unhealthy, people would think i'm nuts. after week number 3 or 4 of a low carb diet, my energy and strength went down to almost zero, i thought i was gonna die. thanks for validatng my point. this is gold i love your sincerity very rare in this age were everything is motivated by greed god bless you be careful those greedy pharma will they to eliminate you but i will promote your agenda thanks i am a victim of the pharma agenda this doctor is unfortunately misinformed and clueless as to the way the body actually works. very sad. is there a limit of carbs/day that you can recommend we limit ourselves to? thank you for this video, it really helped me understand a little bit better. a very close family member was diagnosed with type 2 just a few days ago but even with medicine his levels are constantly above 300 at one point 507 . we will try this starting today ! so true. spread the word and live the truth. i applaud people like dr. jason fung, the dietdoctor, and drs phinney and volek on their work. i found out i had some indications of metabolic syndrome. the belly as visible evidence and sleepiness after meals was physical evidence. i went on a ketogenic diet and a 16/8 intermittent fasting for 6 days out of 7. i lost ten pounds in 3 weeks and it was a breeze. i feel more alert and am less hungry. i love the detailed science presented by dr. lustig of ucsf. and no, he's not a chiropractor. am i the only one that think about \"a whooper\" when she said 'a whooping 40%'???!!! sylvan piche, it was very clear to me what you meant and that it was a joke. thanks for the laugh amidst the seriousness of the issues being discussed. unfortunately, the wide world web is infested with narcissists that spend every hour of every day stalking comments and posts of others with the sole intent of attacking them, declaring them \"crazy\", calling them names, and using profanity. do not engage them, it only feeds them and falsely enlarges their ego, which will produce unending venom spewing from their mouths. instead, i noticed that he bestowed you with the distinction of being the author of this video, only to chatise you for the harm being done and the lack of concern for your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet. they pretty much show their true colors all by themselves, no help necessary. just sit back and watch other narcissists bite and enjoy the show, lol!! like beta fish, only one allowed at the top. again, thanks for the laugh and you never have to justify yourself or apologize for making a joke or stating your opinion on a controversial issue. starch wrong vegan troll! reverses all metabolic syndrome markers and stops the progression of arterial plaque according to cac studies. if you want to be really healthy you should be eating a whole food meat based diet. a lettuce wrapped whopper! what menu do you follow ?? i have type 2 diabetes and i don't take insulin shots it's a medicine for beginners essentially and i wanted to know if i should stop whilst doing this lchf diet?? i think they tell people to eat a certain amount of carbs because we're addicted to them and they know few are willing or able to quit cold-turkey. this is so very important & true! over 3,000 people don't like this video probably because if this info get out it's going to cost them money & the other people just don't know any better(haven't tried this great info)! smh a very good advice. there's no money in healthy humans! thank you dr you are one of the few physicians that understand this. dr richard berstein in his book explains much in depth. i would suggest that his book be on the bookshelf of every person with diabetes. sounds alot like the 80s atkins diet which has short term benefits but long term health issues including diabetes and atherosclorosis and cancers. please cite the studies. i needed this! no carbs need at all... yeah... theorycrafting here who said no carbs at all? brilliant talk...she is spot on! ok but what happen to your cholesterol?!? it can lead you again to coronary artery disease. right? watch vids from ivor cummings\nedit - low carb will reverse and prevent risk of heart disease\n2nd edit - ivor discusses cholesterol and the myth about its connection to heart disease cholesterol is not a cause of heart disease at all... focus on lowering triglycerides level which is a true indicator of cardiovascular risk... watch dr ken berry's channel for great info the studies show that \"bad\" cholesterol goes down, triglycerides go down, and \"good\" cholesterol goes up on a low-carb diet. michele nope liar so happy i seen this thank you going to start working on this now ive been ridiculousy unhealthy. went from invincible to slowly degrading and worried about my future this is not how i want to go out. excellent does no potatoes include sweet potatoes? thanks for the great video. i am cutting way down on carbs and sugar since i got the test results. i had a high blood sugar test recently of 134, and will take a fasting test in a week, hoping for better results by cutting way back on carbs and sugar. very helpful! thank you dr. sarah i know everybody have their opinion about how to cure diabetes. i like to see dr. sarah hallberg and dr. john mcdougall debate about this. dr. hallberg's solution is no gps. dr. mcdougall's solution is gps. they both work as per their followers. best explanation that i've ever heard on this subject. i am pre diabetic and scared. i was looking into the paleo plan. and the understanding from this talk was perfect. thank you dr. sarah. nice great informative i wish my doctor had told me the things you did. thank you. kinda bummed the word \"ketosis\" never came up in her speech, but great information regardless. i'm 32 years old and was diagnosticated with diabetes on my 20's and my triglycerides were up to the sky. i was taking pills like candy and following what the dietitians and doctors suggested, 40-60 grams of carbs per meal but my levels kept going up and up to the point that i was almost to the point of insulin injections. because of this video, i made a total change and started with the keto diet. my hba1c went from almost 10.5 to 7.5 in 3 months without taking pills and my triglycerides went down as well!. this video changed my life. how is insulin causing hunger? i did this for 3 years. the kidneys did not do well, dehydration, high blood pressure. plant based all the way! start fasting....cure t2 diabetes most doctors still don't think diabetes is \"curable\". most people live to eat instead eating to live. tips from a 78 year old man. do not eat after 6pm cut your food consumption 45% you gonna thank me. dolfi amazing video. everyone should watch this, even if you're healthy. what a lovely voice she has! as islamic guidelines says eat 1/3 stumoch solid food, 1/3 water and keep 1/3 empty. in modern world, than means eat natural whole unprocessed food, eat less and drink lots of water. saeed kanuga,tell us how he died ! absolutely true! gracias por la informacion, cada vez mas personas relevantes en estos temas, nos dicen lo mismo. es hora de abrir los ojos, la teoria de las calorias nunca ha funcionado. cada vez existe una mayor epidemia de diabeticos o prediabeticos, algo estamos haciendo mal. hay que tener miedo a los carbohidratos, no a las grasas. thank you! eat green leafy vegetables! eat only 1 meal per day,...and then go out and play!!!...[...imho: lousy handheld camera work, here!...] excellent!!! hello thank you for this great talk but when you say no grains, no chia seeds as well? good info thankyou. sara's practice is ok. if you pay me i'll show you a better practice. am i crazy, or is theis just the ketogenic diet? thank you so much. this information is changing my family's health. what about animal fats? do they cause atherosclerosis or not? and what about the fast and slow carbs, they are not equal. slow carbs do not cause huge and fast insulin response from the body. slow carbs release energy very slow, that's why they are called slow. so, the lady need more knowledge about food. experiment ? yep,a depopulation experiment the dope pushers don't like this lady enemy of big pharma and their stooges at the ada. people are claiming that baking soda and lemon juice will bring your blood sugar down and stop the pain of neuropathy. was reading a piece on reversing diabetes and while trying to get paper to take notes i lost it. if anyonen can help me i will be eternally greatful to you. thanks very well put! high carbs end up making us feel hungry even though we are gourged/stuffed! our capitalist pharmaceutical hierarchy needs to take a tumble. this also applies to cancer, alzheimer's, ms and many other conditions where the root cause is inflammation (caused from too much refined sugar and not enough of the right nutrients) and it can be traced back to lifestyle, diet and lack of exercise. there is an interview with teri garr regarding her ms and she says it's random how you get it. her doctors must've brainwashed her because it's not random. there's a root cause to why you get any kind of sickness. this video changed my life. thank you. dr. hallberg this is the honest to god truth. bill brankin proof? there's something big missing here. some of the healthiest diets are high carb diets. most asian diets have lots of rice and vegetables with very little meat and they don't have all the health problems that us americans have. meat causes a coating in your blood vessels which blocks the absorption of sugars into your tissues to be used as energy. there's nothing wrong with unprocessed sugars because it's your body's energy source. we just need to stop clogging our body's ability to handle sugars. asian diets are different in that: a) those who have extremely high physical activity levels can afford to eat higher carb diets (they need the calories) and b) the carbs they eat are not the simple carbs that spike insulin.\nthat's not exactly how meat works. if it was, we would die pretty quickly from lack of oxygen (hypoxia). blood vessels are not the site of the problem. the problem is at the level of the cell. as the body is chronically exposed to excessive simple sugars, the cells become more resistant to insulin because they have all the sugar they need. as people decrease their carb intake to align better with their caloric needs, the cells become insulin sensitive again. mostly true - not entirely though. and i'm pro-keto. you are delusional if you think that the asians you have in mind ate anything close to the amounds of carbs we are consuming nowadays . yes exactly, because they are gradually shifting towards a western diet rich in animal products and processed foods. there are so many issues about this presentation... there are some good points, but this is not the answer, this woman is just another md treating the sympthom but not the disease. skip this one. . .it's for morons. . .she goes on and on with no specific dietary recommendations. . see dr. mcdougall for better and complete advice. impractical diet, how so? keto is impractical what a joke. that dr is a sad excuse of a dr really. the way he does \"science\" is so bad it should be criminalised. no roots no fruits no grains no sugar. pretty simple. not if u are prepared to change your taste buds. look up the pleasure trap by dr lisle yoshi muroi\nnonsense! one can not out run a bad diet ! nor can one \"burn\" off calories by exercise! cholesterol effect of this diet is not addressed here and it could be fatal. every cell in your body must have cholesterol, and your brain is mostly cholesterol. you have no idea what you are talking about. the actual studies on low-carb diets show that cholesterol--and triglycerides, and blood pressure--improve on a low-carb diet. far from fatal. food with high cholesterol does not raise serum cholesterol. that myth has been exploded. eat all the eggs you want. i would love to get rid of the medicine that makes me sick every week. i totally changed my diet before this and will think even more in the future. hope this works. yeah, but the drug companies don't make money if people aren't sick. love her as a great messsage to us who are diabetic. my question here is: how does this diet affect a person with chronic sky-high cholesterol and a long family history of cholesterol problems and arterial plaque? all those sick people. that's a lot of money to be made! i watched this and found it very exciting.....ironically, the next utube that came up was dr. neal barnard, who made great claims with exactly the opposite strategy?? however his talk was clearly, in my opinion that of a prophet of veganism.... vegetables, fruits, carbs..... no meats or other animal products. these guys, like racists, and religious fanatics, stop at nothing to promote their agenda! howard wilkinson i put a lot of trust in dr. barnard, going vegan for health. it has ruined my health and all the starch has worsened my type 2 and caused neuropathy. back to low carb i go, and i am so embarrased how much i boasted about the vegan diet to everyone and now it is making my diabetes worse and not helping me lose any weight. i watch this and found it very exciting ironically the next film thank you for explaining the truth of food as a enormous healing factor in diabetes! is that close to dr. atkinson's diet? anybody have her number? i'd like to take her out on a date?lol great talk. what great person o dr you're telling the truth to the people of the word. only this is true service of the humanity on this planet. the species which is struggling a lot with illness and suffering. tears are rolling down from my eyes while listening you. thanks a lot. the creator of universe and us would bless you my diabetic nurses swear by 40-65g of carbs per meal. i ignore them cuz it is too much for me. asked my endo why so many carbs and he said it's based on weight. really? never heard that.\ncarbs are not my friend. she is so wrong my wife and best friend just died on thanksgiving from cardiac arrest by ignoring her diabetes type 2, she didn't even tell me she was a diabetic, she lived off artificial sweeteners, she ignored this for 2 years, my heart is broken and i'm so angry at her, as a chef i told her to not eat artificial sweeteners, i can't believe this , she was a nurse and didn't take care of this, i cry everyday, please i'm begging anyone with this disease do not think it's not serious is cost my wife her life. the tragedy is we learnt this in 1995 at the naturopath college i went to, brisbane's australian college of natural medicine. allopathic medicine is just getting on board with it now.\nanother thing we learnt was that ketogenic diets can lead to hypothyroidism in susceptible subjects; people being placed on low carb diets should have their thyroid status monitored. ketogenic programs work best as temporary interventions, but getting rid of grains and foods with added sugar is something that can benefit most patients as a long term measure. tony cook this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet waaaaw ! i love your energie sarah ! audrey hepburn there is so much false information in these comments. fruit is natures candy and is just as bad for a diabetic as a candy bar! they both raise blood sugar. there is no cure for diabetes. once a diabetic, always a diabetic. i knew it i believed this uts common sense!!!! its- thank you so much sarah. a-fucking-men. excuse the french, but i have had a suspicion that this was the truth for a long time now. great passion there and great info. thumbs up for sarah hallberg, it's not easy to come with such breakthrough info and talk with such passion. she is of course correct but expect fierce resistance from the trillion dollar cheap carbohydrate mega big ag food industry as well as the pharmaceutical industry which just lost 2000 a month from each of their customers.... @ashutosh upreti um... she recently published a peer-reviewed study about this based on a randomized control trial. the study was funded by the nutrition coalition which takes no industry money. but she can get support from powerful meat and dairy industries. you mean the people that gave 5k thumbs down to this video? well that is true, some of us have will power and see the truth not matter what . :) indeed,, great, clearly lifestyle can turn on and off genetics. there are many doctors now realizing this.sadly for many nuts are an issue and hard to get and expensive, those who are poor are just happy to eat anything. i went paleo/vegetarian on and off and mediterranean and my inflammatory numbers were cut in half. if nothing else just eat real food. what about fruits? they r full of carbs as a scientist has mentioned in one of the comments, the real question is what causes insulin resistance, why the blood sugar is unable to be taken in and utilised by the cells. based on something i have heard, could it be the quality of the sugar in the blood, the quality of digestion that defines the sugar quality, is it true that well digested sugar in the blood along with a normally functioning pancreas can always make it into the cells ? (until before medicinal intervention). relax! - diabetes (any type of) can be eliminated in less than a month along with any other diseases by doing my discovery (just an exercise for a minute a day) - my wvcd - the weapon of virus and cancer destruction, that cures and prevents any diseases, known on earth, even aging and radiation disease, for every cell of our bodies is shielded 100% from any external/internal (genetic) detrimental impact - as a proof of the power of my discovery, for more than six years now, i never got sick even of the common cold, my blood sugar level is 300 mg/dl (normally a killing level), but i am not sick of diabetes, for i cannot get sick of it, or of any other diseases - i am the healthiest person on the planet and the first immortal human on earth - i will describe my wvcd to everyone, who sends me an e-check for one million us dollars - doing my discovery for just a minute a day, everybody will become infinitely healthy, radiation-proof and immortal - like the gods who created us humans. this isn't curing diabetes, it's only controlling blood sugar. the person will still have insulin resistance and get high blood sugars if they eat what they want. most concise clearest answer in this whole thing x lol eric k 2 years later and your still here posting on every comment. how much they paying you? it's still not curing diabetes, it's controlling it by limiting carbs. this is nothing new and in no way a cure at all. but you have \"cured\" all the damage that excessive blood sugar does to you. big pharma will b after her where can i get a list of references? i am particularly interested in evidence for the statement that carbs are not needed at all for non-diabetics. thank you! green veggies, low-carb nuts are fine. explains why hannibal is so strong so why can't i find a local doctor like her. i have tried to get a referral, but i always hit a brick wall of my insurance company not covering this. ya insurance wants nothing to do with it because the long term studies on keto shows to increase all cause mortality. the only real positive research on it is in treating epilepsy. is fruit okay to eat? i am trying to reverse my type two diabetes. thank you for your video. fruits like oranges, apples, berries and avocados are good for diabetes. i would urge you to eat less of fruits with a lot of sugar like mangoes, bananas, grapes, plums, etc. 1 quack against a whole field of experts, smh. those experts have led us into massive diabetes epidemic! sphinx rising there is a ton of science to back this up actually not to mention the actual results sr is a vegan activist. @ sphinx rising. yes. i'm sure she got her degrees on line and made up stories about her patients on death's door getting off their insulin. and the 'whole field of experts' are shrinking rapidly being replaced by medical doctors, nutritionists and dieticians who realize that what this woman is saying is true and follow the evidence where it leads. this was the way most of the medical field believed back in the 1900-1950s. then ancel keys came along and f***** it all up with his shoddy research. since then, everyone has believed his lies and the sugar industry took over to further them. wake up and do your research. eric k this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet the first thing i was told by my diabetes nurse, when diagnosed with insulin resistance, was to reduce carbs; then again a i'm from britain. i've lost 5 stones, no medication required. that's what i was told (in america) when i was diagnosed with gestational diabetes. i feel vindicated. i have been telling my mum this for years. wish someone would translate this into tamil. she believes more if it's on internet. @ellenor bjornsdottir really? genuine question. why do you think that? christian zamora, i am convince you are a bot. victoria yeah the quest for the truth is a rollercoaster, and i'm still finding out more all the time. i remember when i first decided that plant based was the way forward i got everything in place to start and then i found out about the 'paleo'/carnivore diet and the benefits people were having, it caused me to lose heart a bit but my advice would be to look at many different angles and try to prove them wrong. from all the diets i studied paleo, mediterranean, keto, meat only, plant based to the other extremes of raw vegan/ fruitarian the one i found to have the least holes in the arguement is the plant based diet. it makes more sense to me from an evolutionary standpoint ( intestinal length, stomach ph levels, jaw and teeth structure ).\nmy journey began when i watched what the health. i had been a chef in a care home for over a year and had to monitor certain foods for different people due to medical conditions so i thought i knew about diabetes and such. so when i watched what the health i was angry and thought they would hurt people spreading what i believed to be lies. however in an attempt to disprove much of what they say i found most of the evidence backs up their claims. also the fact that the plant based doctors can take the time to explain why other industry funded studies can show positive results for negative foods i think it's worth the consideration. but try to do it with the help of a doctor/nutritionalist especially if you already have high levels, i made the switch with no health issues and wouldn't want to risk giving damaging advice. bill brankin i'm australian, i think our dairy is a bit different to the us but not perfect by any stretch. i ate a lot of \"organic\" yogurt but switched to coconut yogurt and i found cow's yogurt tasted very.....barnyard-ish when i went back to it. all i know is, my sugars have not improved on dairy one bit. and it's all very weird because i am not old or overweight, i am on the thin side but still rocketing towards type 2 requiring insulin! .... thank you for replying. i just feel the truth is out there...somewhere...but it isn't what i have been told. victoria it will be very difficult at first, especially if you eat cheese often due to the concentrated casein protien. i found the best way to give up dairy was to continually look into the industry for the motivation to stay away. some people use the animal cruelty aspect for the strength but for me looking into the claimed ( and often misleading ) health benefits of milk gave me the strength. things like 'acceptable pus content' in milk (mastitis), the fact us chocolate/cheese tastes different from eu products due to the us allowing higher pus content in the milk. even the hormone levels in the milk is a turn off. cows generally have +30x the amount of hormones in their blood during pregnancy and a lot of that excess estrogen makes it into the milk. don't worry about chocolate, after a while eating plant based you will start to enjoy dark chocolate a lot more. i used to hate the stuff but now eat 85% dark chocolate and it's awesome.\nps i eat plant based but still work as a chef in meat eating restaurants and can confirm the smell of melted cheese was torture for the first couple weeks. i can honestly say now i would never go back. ada is bought and paid for by big pharma yes and now big pharmaceutical companies are fighting the legalization of marijuana they absolutely are. gonna try this interesting concept, i'm going to recommend to my mum. excellent information. she isn't making friends with the pharmaceutical companies. lol you ~ rock ! ! how do you deal with people that keep recommending \"john mcdougall\" he recommends a starch based diet. every time i recommend lchf or find out that i have blood sugar issues, they tell me i need to look into john mcdougall. i have a very hard time listening to john mcdougall and his hi starch diet and he even tells you to add sugar and salt if that's what it takes to get you to eat it. big f are milking us so what is her recommendation for amount of carbs per day, both a total and as a percentage of caloric intake? i'm over weight with diabetes and it's hard keeping the weight off.. it's not we can't control our self and until those that think that way our n our shoes they have no clue. i was & i still do!\nback in march i was almost 18' for a 6 foot, 55 year old male. it was no mystery how i got to where i was - mostly a sedentary lifestyle. i ate the right stuff but too much of it. last march i was diagnosed with *high* - blood pressure, liver function, cholesterol & diabetes. i'm now down to almost 13' & have reversed *all* the conditions bar the bp for which my medication is now halved with a view to coming off it entirely once i reach my target weight of 13'.\nbottom line is that you *do* have to stop blaming others & take responsibility for your own health! the evidence is there as to how you get in that condition & what you need to do to reverse it. if you don't take that advise or are too lazy to act on it, it's nobody's fault other than your own! cutting carbs is another way to treat symptoms not the cause! insulin resistance is caused by high consumption of fats and protein and refined carbs. i mean of course you're not gonna have blood sugar spikes if you're not consuming carbs! it's so obvious. but, you're still diabetic, you still can't eat essential energy source - carbs. carbs are only essential if the body is not getting enough calories from other sources. the nutrition in fruits and vegetables is valuable, but you can get along perfectly fine without grains. if you decrease sugar, your cells will no longer be overwhelmed with insulin trying to store it away. as a result, the body's cells become more sensitive to insulin, and the diabetes gradually resolves itself. you're right! that women just trying to get some money with the \"my clinic have the diet that will save tha humanity\" well i guess i'm not at risk for diabetes, i hardly eat any carbs lol you can still get it if you have a family history of it, do not exercise, consume sugary drinks and snacks, smoke, etc. carbs are not bad in moderation and you should be mindful of the kind of carbs you consume. whole grains have lower glycemic indices than refined carbs and are thus safe enough to eat in limited quantities. hey guys are having problems . the so it must be the food... go paleo wow, this is great info. medication is not the way to go. great message. great video content! forgive me for chiming in, i would love your thoughts. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is a great one off product for reversing diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my mate at very last got cool results with it. carbohydrate toxicity/carbohydrate intolerance, i love it. how do we explain populations that eat lots of carbohydrates and are so thin. are some people born with insulin resistance? or does something happen to our system to make us insulin resistance. it worked for me. i lost 30 lbs in 6 months with no additional exercise, cut carbs (potatoes, pasta, rice, bread, etc.) sugar is the hardest to cut. there are still times i'm dying for a litre of pepsi to wash down my double cheeseburger with, so one day a week i eat out and have whatever i want. the rest of the time i eat only fresh food. i used 32 units of insulin everyday and handfuls off pills jokingly referred to as my smarties box and still had crazy blood sugar levels. then i decided to take back my life i'm now 8 weeks in and no more insulin no more pills and blood sugar level an average six from peaks of 29 and that's only after 8 weeks!! for the first time in years i wake up early and have lots of energy i got energy to socialise again in short i feel if i got reborn. yes... diabetes can be reversed. video cliffnotes : keto kudos for the video! forgive me for butting in, i am interested in your thoughts. have you tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is a smashing one off guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some interesting things about it and my bf got astronomical results with it. i have type 1 diabetes why am i here i had gestionale diabetes. what i did was avoid store bought bread. i ate lot's of fish, meat ...lots of homemade soups and stews. everything that has preservatives is bad for you. i hardly had to take metphormine i was seen by a doctor and i was better off than with the government dietary workers. i am 43 and morbdly obese. i have had type 2 diabetes for twenty plus years. only within the last year has my blood glucoses even remotely approached normal levels. that is because i reduced my carb intake by 70%. i am still on high levels of insulin, but this gives me hope. thank you so much dr. hallberg. ewilldo thanks i 10/10 advice. i lost a ton of weight when i learned more about how my hormones are working and focusing on restoring them (insulin mostly). thanks for the video clip! excuse me for butting in, i would appreciate your thoughts. have you ever tried - patlarny sugar outcome principle (search on google)? it is a smashing exclusive guide for reversing diabetes minus the hard work. ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my gf at last got amazing success with it. does anyone know what diet is prescribed by dr. sarah hallberg? thanks i reversed my type 2 by cutting out carbs - in particular white bread & bread in general, pasta & rice. i eat a lot of protein such as fish & meat & very, very little sugar. you also *have* to get active, i run 8 miles 3 x a week now! nice video clip! apologies for butting in, i am interested in your initial thoughts. have you heard about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (do a google search)? it is a great exclusive guide for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my cooworker at very last got cool success with it. eat healthy live healthy everything this women says is true...i simply started fasting and doing omad...ie one meal a day which wasnt perfect but overall it was healthy...my meal always consisted of small portion white rice side portion of cooked veg and some sort of fish...fruits for snacks and all consumed within a 3hr eating window...so am fasting 21hr a day approx give and take...my diabetes autimatically cured itself....even tho white rice is high carb a small portion on this type of regimen does no harm...the key is the fasting part ie not eating for 21hr this cures everything...just try this yourself for one month and see the results for yourself...you dont need any fancy stuff and its free...u will need willpower in first 2 weeks tho after that its easy...i eat really well and am full with my omad meal and feel more energetic in a fasted state as opposed to when im full follow me on @ketocrazychick on facebook for more information and opportunity to get healthy i'm skeptical. what studies?? besides the anecdotal story about a woman on 300 units of insulin who was supposedly cured of her diabetes on your diet? what about exercise? he made perfect sense until she threw her conspiracy theory n at the end. keeping people ill is profitable ! be wary of the pharmaceutical industry recommendation. great talk doc ! push away from the table! duh..... the less u eat the better u are! eat what u want but eat less of it! is that hard to grasp! apparently so??? dr. gabriel cousens has a better way. his program has helped countless people heal their diabetes (and many other diseases!) at his tree of life center, as well as through his books. i highly recommend \"rainbow green live-food cuisine\"--the recipes are delicious and satisfying. unfortunately she's incorrect and it's because there are carbs and then there are carbs. she's only familiar with the less desirable kind. and if you go on her diet plan, you'll end up with clogged arteries and cvd, cancer, brain pathology called parkinson's, alzheimers, etc. she's basically recommending the atkins diet, from which he died prematurely. i thought he fell down some iced new york city pavement and cracked his head. true, atkins did die from an ice fall, but it's well known that he had advanced cardiovascular disease. a whole foods plant-based diet is the only diet proven to reverse heart disease. tons on science on that! he died from a fall in the snow where he hit his head! they did an autopsy and he did have heart disease but it was genetic not from diet. don't spread lies about the dead, they will haunt you! nathan pritikin had leukemia and committed suicide at 69. atkins died at 72 soon after an accidental fall. dr you are probably right about your statement, but tell me. what a desperate diabetes patient should do to control his diabetes, why you dont try doing the same become more investigative to find the real cure of so many different ills killing people all around the world. is well known here in america, that pharmaceuticals and doctors like you dont care about nobody, you guys are commercialized, of course prescribing medications left and right, to patients without the concern of the sides effects of all those chemicals in the long run and collecting great commission plus high salaries.\ngo some place else if you dont have anything helpful to say. the guidelines are roughly this depending on the country you live in: get enough fibre, eat carbohydrates from whole food sources, eat vegetables, get enough protein, remember to have food sources that have enough calcium, vitamin b12, vitamin c and vitamin d, limit sugar intake, eat enough fats but don't go overboard on saturated fats, don't go overboard on sodium. people are making things harder than they need to be. someone who is claiming that a certain food group or a macronutrient is bad for you even in small amounts is intellectually dishonest, do not know what they are talking about or are flat out lying to you. the great v well, she is specifically referring to diabetes, and diabetes is specifically an issue with blood sugar. so discussing carbohydrates makes sense in this context; we see diabetes more today and at younger ages because our consumption of too much sugar, especially simple sugar, is the source of the issue. go vegan. dont get it in the first place. or start going vegan and reverse it. boom if you can sell ice to an inuit, bogdan, they're south of the arctic circle. jennifer hiles u jennifer hiles don't spread lies and misinformation. my sister is a vegan, she is type 2 diabetic. i am an omnivore, i am not diabetic.\nbesides i think what this lady doctor said, carbs is bad for you. isn't rice and bread vegan? both sides are wrong and right you have to take into context how much physical exercise one person does, if he does none then you go for low carb if you do a lot then you go high carb simple as that. i've treated plenty of vegan diabetics. what about fruit and fiber? i can't even... this woman is right on point. people like her should be at the head of the fda. this is the type of information that should be disseminated everywhere. gluco-neon genesis evangelion excellent presentation, i have seen so many fellow diabetics follow this and become insulin free. awesome message, now if we could get everyone to follow these guidelines we would be a healthier world. your wrong!!! it really works 100%, but i do miss bread and pasta what is wrong with the food in the us that this is happening? every time i leave this country i lose weight, i lost 20lbs in thailand in 3 weeks. yup dr jason fungs obesity code says the same. type 2 diabetes is being reversed every day now. big pharma and big food are not to be believed. to lower high blood sugar just take a natural supplement like all natural naavudi. it's clinically tested and highly effective effective. after 4 weeks of use, normalized blood sugar. what a moron, have your parents asked you to return the money they spent on medical school? i have fixed 3 men in their 50's with type 2 diabetes, in 2 weeks, by eliminating wheat from their diet. they all ate a lot of bread, pies etc. they lost between 8-10 kgs in 2 wks, then had a blood test by their doctors, who were shocked that the type 2 was gone. one even said it was impossible, + his earlier test must have been wrong. im astounded by the ignorance of medical doctors. god bless you & your's dr. hallberg. oh, and you can be vegan and eat this way. its actually super easy while vegan got type 2 diabetes diagnosis with an a1c of 11.6 five months ago. went on the keto diet immediately, blood tested a month ago, a1c of 5.1. my liver, kidney function is perfect. blood pressure is perfect, my cholesterol levels are perfect. the best decision of my life logan lyda so don't have it anymore? don't believe anything unless there is proper scientific evidence, which means that there have been a lot of experiments done, and repeatable ones at that.\nmeanwhile, it seems from the comments that people are prepared to spend money on things which have no evidence to support them. great lecture, i think that you should not limit the target audience to type 2 diabetes. this is also true for type 1!! after sarah palin, i thought the name sarah was a curse. but you proved me wrong. i have reduced my carb (and sugar) intake since my diagnosis of diabetic risk four years ago and since that event, blood sugar plummeted and i have been off metformin for the last 18 months. i get tested every six months and my doctor is proud of stable status. yippeekayyeah mofos! roll over chubby checker, give low carbs a chance! thanks,, well said i'm willing to try it! here i go you do know that's $250b not going to someone's pocket she is pretty much talking about keto diet, dont know why she doesn't mention it even once very good presentation. the only thing i disagree with is her calling diabetes a disease. it's a symptom. tom schmitt - she was talking about functions not how one feels - therefore, a disease. i'm keeping blood sugar under control with fast-and-gorge diet (mozzerella sticks, giant thickburgers, etc..) and power intervals on the bowflex (anearobic exercise ferociously burns carbs and no longer need atkins diet to skip the metformin). works great on the liver numbers too (nafld). not losing much weight though. i eat dark chocolate every night and have a gelato shake every week (gelato is slower than ice cream & yogurt).\nwhat you don't want to do: break an 18 hour fast with a can of soda.\ndiabetes is not gone. revert back to old diet = diabetes comes back quickly. its just managing diabetes without the dope.\ni also missing gallbladder. high doeses (4000mg per day, standardized to 18% oleuropein) of olive leaf extract kills the stool stench and reduces diet-dependent diarrhea. it also reduce constipation if you get some kind of fiber (burgers steak hot dog low carb diets are zero fiber though). olive leaf extract also often darkens the stool. olive leaf extract makes more ear wax and its greasier too.\noh also power intervals on the bowflex make my blood pressure 108/73 (with 2 bp meds). may i ask if i can drink warm water everyday with two slices of lemons ? is that too much sugar and carbohydrates? wow ! amazing stuff i will try to share this simple treatment on as many videos as possible. two weeks ago my left foot started to really give me trouble with soreness. i have type two diabetes. mytoe became numb and throbbing. the only thing that gave me relief was warm water soaks. nights were terrible with pain waking me up. many things helped, including a change ofdiet and plenty of niacin . then one day i decided to put on warm cozy not tight socks. voila! my feet feel much better. it seems to numb the pain. its still there but i can't seem to feel the pain as much. i really don't like socks, but they help a lot. i emphasize fluffysoft socks. putting all carbs together is foolish and inaccurate. there is a vast difference between processed simple carbs and whole complex carbs. i'm a vegan for 30 years and being plant based, lots of good carbs, little protein, probably saved my life. read dr. john mcdougall. hi, im just doing research but what about when blood sugar level goes down (hypos), would that happen if you were on a low carb diet? eye opening. i was recently diagnosed as a diabetic. a1c of 6.5 so i'm not over the top but i'm on my way. 54 years old easy 60 lbs overweight. i will look into this. omg i've been using these principles in my pharmacy practice for almost 5 years, it's amazing. i love the idea of the gps (no grains, potatoes or sugar) and use that as my guide to where i'm going (gps pun intended!) thank you for stating this so simply and truthfully! ...so we can remember what we use to know.\nwise words in regards to so many different levels. i have been diabetic over 10yrs. i stop to take medicine. that is absolutely truth and i have done that what exactly are carbs that we eat daily? what do you know about glucocil ? what of brown rice and vegies though. i thought they were called complex carbohydrates and good for you. am i getting the language semantics all wrong?? i don't like type2 diabetes i like your shirt !!! :) neil barnard, not this woman @omgym\nso you're another vegan who has never read any of barnard's studies? good to know. otherwise you'd know that his 3 published studies prove that his plant-based diet has never reversed t2 diabetes, nor has it ever been proven to be superior to a mediocre diet with animal products. a vegan diet is not per se healthy. it should be whole food plant based. this means no processed oils, and more. there's a huge difference. beans are high in fiber and protein. if you didn't produce insulin you would die. the secret is not that you can remove the effects of type ii diabetes with removal of carbs. the real secret is the dramatic increase in sugar and carbs are making everyone sicker. us type ii diabetics are just the canaries in the coal mine. it will work short term. not long term. low carb docs need mental help thank you xoxox thanks for the inspiration. going back to low carb, starting today <3 brilliant!! yes, it has been known forever. unfortunately people don't want to give up their comfort foods. most are carb based. but i love pizza! diabetes was not a problem in china until the recent 20 years, because with prosperity they adopted more of a western diet. so i am suspicious of her talking about chinese food, being high in carbs and therefore making you want to eat more and increase diabetes. plant food is much more than just carbs. for one, they are high in fiber. what does fiber do? it does a lot, but in context of this subject, it regulates sugar into your bloodstream. this is why fruit is recommended, but fruit juice is not for diabetics. the juice is very high in sugar - but when you eat fruit, the fiber regulates it. hans killuminati - msg seasoning is the biggest threat to the meat industry. it's interesting chinese food is mentioned (context?). rice is usually served in a small bowl and it's a relatively small portion of the whole meal. remitted, not resolved. thank you dr. hallberg for validating what i've been saying for years! dr. atkins was years before his time! great vid. they will try kill you you know. thanks for the great info and stay safe. this is true. its called the keto diet. when i am on plan, my blood sugar sits at 95 all day long. viewers should know that if they try to go off carbs cold turkey or dramatically, you'll likely experience withdrawal symptoms, but you'll get through it. i did a \"pure protein\" plan through my doctor (not sustainable, if you ask me) and i was shaking with chills, etc. for an evening before i got used to it. terrrrrrrific! thank you sarah hallberg for having the guts to tell the world the truth! i wish this had hindi subtitles..would have helped a lot in my family! rishabh kumar what if you uploaded it and provided some subtitles? might help a lot of people. nonsense. watch dr. neal barnard on ted talks. he has science backing him that a whole food plant based diet reverses and prevents diabetes! rishabh kumar this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet what the heck, mcdougall cured his type 2 patients on a potato diet. potatoes are not refined carbs are they? rice and potatoes are mmmmmm good! what kind of a person will thumb down this excellent information of nothing but truth? over 2k people still living in deception. isn't white rice a carb? and aren't the japanese one of the healthiest populations on the planet? my son has lived in a small-ish town in japan for a couple of decades and says, just by looking at the people, he could tell whether he'd been transported to any of the larger cities there, as the girth of the population seems to increase with its exposure to \"westerners\". the diets of those japanese have, sadly, included more and more carbs -- starches and sugars! @ufewl gigo @christian z not when those plants are high carb. +huai li nice strawman. no, vegans are not pretending asians are all also vegans. you sound like the only one trying to spread lies. japanese eat far less refined foods as well as almost no sugar and are known to eat lots of raw food and seafood funny how the inuit eskimos eat whale blubber and have no diabetes or heart disease. !! i want u to by my mom fast. genius! my nutrition will be happy knowing this =-) thank you dr. going on lchf this is good advice and is really a no brainer. the big reason the diet for diabetics hasn't changed is because big pharma wants to keep the money rolling in. our current medical system is not about health it's about money. keep eating those carbs and then keep using their current out dated methods of treatment, which are not going anywhere except into their pockets as a huge cash cow. we need a health system that is concerned with healing and not just fixing things temporally as a short term stop gap. does this mean bacon is on the breakfast menu again? i'm in! \"let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.\"\nhippocrates i am interested in trying it, but i do have two concerns. 1. i love gluten. i have no clue how to eat without it. 2. my grocery budget is quite small. beans, grains, and potatoes are the most cost effective staples out there. the question is : why? lost 80 pounds in one summer doing basically what she says. on;y exercise i did was walking about 2 to 3 miles a day. that was all it took. oh yah!!! \"you gotta move it, move it...you gotta move it!!!\" dairy products are the problem, plant based eatting are the answer...she is dead wrong..another one pushing the meat industry...chech out dr wallach,neil banard(sp), dr mcdougal and get educated we follow the wfpb diet in our house to combat type 2, high cholesterol and heart disease. it works for us. joshua w\nlol our brains were able to evolve because of the ability to eat more carbohydrates (what our brains run on) meat eating was not the majority of our ancestry. we are decent of frugivorious and fruit/veg/insect species, we have no genetic adaptations to eat meat, in times of scarcity or survival we have depended on it but we did not evolve because of it. if we needed it why is red meat and processed meat type 1 & 2 carcinogens ... and animal protein being associated with greater all-cause mortality. no joshua w, it is not obvious at all!\nstand next to a real omnivore and you'll see the difference! i know a lot of vegans that eat a ketogenic diet. it has nothing to do with meat, but apparently you missed that part i just love her! she is so right! what?...quoting ada stats? big-pharma forces doctors to recommend exactly what lines their wallets :) she left out that eating carbs is what leads to high cholesterol. you do not get cholesterol from eating food that contains it. you get it from eating carbs. how do you justify the saturated and trans fats with heart disease being the leading killer in america? i'd love to see the ldl cholesterol levels in these people and also the amount of atherosclerosis diagnosis. i was recently diagnosed with diabetes in september and so thankful for finding this video because having diabetes is not easy and hopefully i can reverse it. just wanted to raise awareness that you should take care of your health and live a healthy lifestyle! unfortunately, the meat we eat now is poisoned. full of homornes, antibiotics, and other chemicals. our teeth proof that we need to eat a plant based diet...teeth designed for eating plants. i'm feeling better than ever from eating plant based for the last six months. insulin levels are perfect. eating potatoes and rice. and every kind of vegetable and fruit. being a vegetarian means you are healthy. can you say what you want to say in one minute? right..we can't make a carbohydrate, but we 'do' need the nutrients that plants contain. wendy col well done. except that i allow myself about 60 carbs a day i do the same diet and quite enjoy it and my recent a1c was 5.9, down from 7 a year ago. low carb means eat rice beans potatoes, just not too much of it. you don't have to eliminate them completely. d b he has youtube videos that you can comment on she never said don't eat vegetables. i do keto and eat vegies every day. i have broccoli, cauliflower, brussel sprouts, asparagus, ect. i eat real food including dairy and meat. i avoid vegetable oils, canola oil, soy bean oil and other seed oils. i eat coconut oils, olive oil, and avocados. of course everyone should avoid processed sugars and boxed foods. i'm getting healthier, no longer am i obese and almost no longer over weight. it is a very sustainable diet and there are many who have been eating this way for years. and yes if one goes back to eating things that raise insulin they will \"become\" diabetic again and need meds. so you can either treat it with a proper diet or with meds that do not truly give any health benefits, heart disease continues, neuropathy, vision loss, and possible amputation. not to mention the correlation of diabetes with alzheimer's and other neurological issues. disease is merely a long-term reaction to how the body is treated. people need to take responsibility, and understand that it is their fault, they are to blame, and they are the ones to fix it. i wish she (and most educators) would spend time on what \"carb\" they're referring to. when we think \"carbs\" we tend to think of breads and pasta's and potatoes, but kale is a carb, so is squash, so are cucumbers and parsley and tomatoes and lettuce. so i wish she had spent time on clarifying whether or not low carb meant eat less broccoli or just avoid chips and fries... i love cabbage, but it's a carb... some do, dr. eric berg does, occasionally, though he doesn't distinguish the between carbohydrates, usually.\nit does irk me, to hear how bad carbs are, but then to be told veggies are good. >.<\nit can be difficult explaining it to people. broccoli is also fiber, but it is carbohydrate. corn is a carbohydrate, and it is fiber... and so it goes. i wish these educators would spend more time talking about glycemic index or load (either of them) to drive the point home that vegetables are carbs. a tree is fiber, xd. anything that is cellulose is fiber. xd xavier, thanks for the validation. i have t2d and my endocrinologist said that vegetables weren't carbs, they were fiber. i changed doctors that week. yes, many do not make the distinction and it annoys me greatly.\ni try to make the distinction as often as it is relevant. corn lobby --> 'sugar' lobby --> (sickness, death) --> pharma profit! (and massive lobby) if she only knew dr robert atkins was a life long advocate of low carb diet look at his website praise the lord and pass the steak!!! zero essential minimum carb intake??!! wow!!! i think we've been sold a wad of !!! who is paying the mds and dietitians at cdc and fda? that makes zero sense!! the 'consistent carbohydrate' meal trays are a glucose bomb!!!! stay away from white rice!!! once you get your diet right...you can kick the tablets goodbye,,,but keep the weight off... just dont eat anything for 72 hours atkins diet kills al ein stein - maybe he was not killed by a type 2 ? i haven't watched this video except for a little bit at the start. is this aimed at anyone with type 2 diabetes, or just those who are overweight. i don't have diabetes, but do get checked for it, among other things. i have a family member who has it, but they are not overweight. i lost about 40lbs following this guideline. my implementation? the ketogenic diet! this is basically the paleo diet! i love it! the issue with this video for me, is the use of the word \"carb\"....carbohydrate are essential for optimal health, period. look across our globe over the last 5-6000 years and more, the civilizations that persevere are those eating primarily carbohydrate in their warrior classes and commoner classes. warrior class always ate \"common foods\", plant foods, to obtain the energy they needed for battle. many would stop eating meat months ahead of time to conserve and build energy they felt they needed for battle. simply put, they felt better. without carbohydrate and lots of it, our earths population would slowly decrease to extinction. depending on what you believe about how this world is made and who's in charge, we do know this. those pretty veggies and fruits aren't just for looking at and to eat a standard \"low carb\" diet. we as a nation and a world have started mass producing livestock at the detriment of our brothers, sisters and a heap of other beings. if our creator, or explosion of atoms, intended us all to eat flesh, why would we need to mass produce it in the way we are. if you want to cure diabetes in an insanely short period of time its real, real simple... even for the not so bright like myself. eat plants and lot of them, make plants as much of your meal as you can stand. 2nd, never again touch dairy...ever...of 5k+ mammals on earth were are the 1 of 5k+ that drinks milk after infancy....why? is it essential health? doesn't seem to be for the other 5k+ of our brethren. 3rd, eat as much as you want if your eating unprocessed whole plants. stop counting calories and thinking, just eat and enjoy your meals with loved ones ( it works). chew more (it really works), lastly, move, move, move. we need movement to expend energy and transfer o2 and c02, without that no one loses weight no matter what you eat. just start moving, that means if you normally lay in bed 20 hours a day then make a choice to only do it 19.5 hrs a day and clean your home or fix a meal during that 30 mins. that and that alone would eventually lose you weight and ultimately \"cure\" your dmii. its actually quite easy to be healthy, the problem is all those that desire wealth over health that hide our view of what real health is. i encourage everyone here to ignore their doctor (not really) and do what none of them were taught in a single class in medical school....eat plants and you'll healed. best of luck to all those struggling with weight issues and diabetes, its a rough struggle but there will be victory because its you that will beat your disease and not a single person on youtube or even a wise doctor is gonna beat it for you. you are strong, you can do it! fasting is one of the quickest and best ways to reverse t2d. do some research on it.\nit can be reversed in less than a month through fasting.\nyour system begins to reboot itself through fasting. very good info! this is great info. our granddaughter is type 1 and feel like her numbers get too low without some carbs but i guess that's different. any one know if this low carb also works for fatty liver & high blood pressure?would be interesting to find out. every wonder how foie gras is made? force feeding of grains. amen. it really is very, very simple. i have most of my clients watch this vid. really great! intermittent fasting. awesome speech...omg i think this will really help me this is so true. when we reversed the pyramid and began eating more grains and other carbs that is when obesity and diabetes skyrocketed through the roof. i have diabetes and it wasn't until a nutritionist convinced me to cut carbs. i lost weight and cut my insulin way back. haven't reversed the diabetes yet but i will. pretty sure she's got a little extra weight she could loose, can't trust that. does she recommend any books? what to eat? interesting and thought provoking video thank you so much! sounds like another health fad for non-diabetics, i want my goddamn potatoes. \"the last widly accepted prejudice\"\nhas she ever been on the internet? i think the real issue is carbs and not burning it off with hard physical work and exercise. too many people make their livings sitting at a desk all day. it sounds like the obesity is the problem, not the sugar (carbohydrates). jukiiscrazy obesity is the side effect \"jukiiscrazy obesity is a symptom of insulin resistance (carbohydrate intolerance), not the cause of it.\"\nunintentially hilarious. glucose spikes are a symptom of insulin resistance and not the cause of it. muscles stop accepting glucose by turning off the insulin trigger when they already contain an excess of saturated fats. strict nonconformist he has 15 plus youtube videos. a great place for trolling! yeah man, i've never heard of weight gain caused by sugar before. i am quite slim and have type2 , my wife is overweight and has normal blood sugar plus my nephew who is 1 inch taller and over 50% heavier is not type 2. that said, if you're predisposed for type 2 being overweight will usually make your blood sugar rise. the best explanation of type 2 and insulin resistance i have heard yet! i'm pretty sure i have t2d but i'm scared of what that means about me im confused about oatmeal, i thought that was the perfect breakfast for a diabetic lots of fibre, slow release of energy. if you follow the no gps rule it would have to be taken out the diet as it is a grain. what then makes for an ideal breakfast ? im confused about oatmeal, i thought that was the perfect breakfast for a diabetic lots of fibre, slow release of energy. if you follow the no gps rule it would have to be taken out the diet as it is a grain. what then makes for an ideal breakfast ? the american medical field does not want you to reverse diabetes or any other disease for that matter. they want to keep you medicated and just healthy enough to keep coming back for more. you are wrong! @bill brankin provide proof that ketosis is dangerous long term. it's deep ketosis that is dangerous. in light ketosis, that you enter while fasting or eating ketogenic (even with a ketone spike from coconut oil), your body is able to perfectly compensate the acidity of the fuel source. it's when it can't, during the energy crisis of keto-acidosis and hyperglycemia, that it's dangerous. @al m there are plenty of relevant and intelligent discussions to be had that don't involve fad diets. i'll go there. @maureen seel some people care. some people are interested in intellegent, relevant discussions. if you aren't perhaps you need a life?!? @al m this conversation is still going? man....get a life, folks. oh sarah, you life saving angel...how i love thee! thanks for your hard work, brains, and recommendations. may you live a long and fruitful life! snake diet...look it up on facebook, it will cure you! read the starch solution. dr. john mcgougall poor dr. hasn't done her research. i'm now vegan and eat about 70% starch .was diabetic. was 60lbs. overweight. not now and i'm never hungry. she doesn't mention the pus in the milk either. om my gosh, you sure she's a physician? i think she's a kindergarten teacher! talks down to her audience like children. painful to listen to, even if most of what she is saying may be correct. do the carbs come from pizza crusts or brown rice? being a vegan i eat mostly carbs and have lost over 100 pounds. maybe it is the processed carbs in boxed foods? my boss is a t1d and after 30 days on a vegan diet he has had a 90% insulin reduction eating tons of carbs. some dude - how much you eat that is right for you is more important . question does the hflc diet work for a pregnant woman with pre gestational t2d???? fasting will cure type 2 and a ,million other things, go into ketosis and fix your levels and reverse insulin resistance two words: john mcdougall a very, very clever lady indeed. great info. this is what i tell my patients @bread sandwich it's not a healthy diet. good info , but her voice was annoying. @marie ngong you will starches also... and build muscle soooo many videos make sure you watch the video reverse your diabetes if only she didn't have that annoying voice :/ i used to take over a year ago glip/metformin. at mg tabs twice daily. then the combo was stopped because my sugar would drop the 20's. i was shaking and sweating profusely and i was slurring. that happened 4x. i was lucky because my family was there and knew what to do. i switched doctors and my present one just prescribes metformin. same dosage. i am overweight, but the concern to them is not my weight but to put me at higher dosages. right now i am at a time release metformin same dosage. it was just recently changed but i do have the same problems as before. not the drop in sugar, but stomach aches, tiredness, trouble with sleep, constantly running to the bathroom at night and a lot of diarrhea. once in a great while i get nauseated and loss of appetite. tho i haven't lost much weight from that. i would like to do the program that dr. sarah hallberg was talking about. just want to know where do i get the info for it. so wrong in so many ways. amazing how many doctors know nothing about nutrition. it's not all carbohydrates, it's ethanol, sucrose and fructose. essentially processed sugar. natural sugars like in fruits is healthy lovely video! sorry for butting in, i would love your thoughts. have you ever tried - harzeenaat astonishing plan (probably on google)? it is a great exclusive guide for defeating diabetes without the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my best friend jordan after many years got amazing results with it. hi, all i had type 2 diabetes for nearly 15yrs i was so ill in 2015 they were telling me they may have to operate and remove one of my kidneys it was then i realised i had to try sort myself out!!, lol it hit me! i was in big trouble, and their treatments were obviously not working, i was getting worse :( i was doing everything they told me! eating my porridge every morning 'god when i think back! i was firing up my system up with pure carbs' (chains of sugar) first thing in the morning and then throughout the day??\nso i decided to 'take responsibility for my own health care' :d i started searching the internet for any new treatments that may be available. after reading and wading through so much 'miss information', i eventually found a guy that made sense, dr jason fung on youtube, after watching and reading all the information dr fung and others (professor roy taylor) had put out there... i thought this makes sense to me! so read more and more and decided to go on a 10-day water fast, followed by a 600 calls a day diet for 6wks, (the newcastle diet) i then i started the alternate day fasting, on eating days i still only eating 600 calories. after the 6 weeks, i felt great couldn't believe how well i was doing :) i started the keto diet which i have maintained for two years, my blood sugars are great! had a couple of over 7s but it averages between 5.4 to 5.9...i found i could easily manage my weight too.\nin august this year, they told me i was diabetes free! she actually said \"you don't have diabetes' and i haven't for 18 months! (the last 3 tests) then she took away all my meds even my glucose test strips :(:( \"sorry i ramble on\"!... to the point of the post .contrary to what you have been told.. diabetes does not have to be chronic degenerative disease... :) you can cure yourself :) cheers, steve excellent video clip! forgive me for chiming in, i would appreciate your opinion. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (do a search on google)? it is a great one off guide for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some amazing things about it and my gf finally got great results with it. steve, can you please give me a sample of what you eat? you talk too fast.. excellent. great job, doctor! thanks for the video! apologies for the intrusion, i would love your opinion. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sweet days principle (probably on google)? it is an awesome one of a kind product for getting rid of diabetes without the hard work. ive heard some awesome things about it and my good mate called gray at very last got amazing results with it. as a type1 diabetic this makes complete sense as i eat organic and only in seasons which means you get the right nutrients for each season to feel good keep up the great work what's even worse, this lady doesn't have a clue what she is talking about. carb toxicity? she is the perfect example of why people are sick. cheers for the video! forgive me for chiming in, i would love your opinion. have you heard the talk about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (google it)? it is a good one of a kind product for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my close friend aubrey got amazing success with it. appreciate video clip! apologies for the intrusion, i am interested in your opinion. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is an awesome exclusive guide for reversing diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some awesome things about it and my best friend jordan after many years got astronomical success with it. eating bacon and eggs now!!!! sugar is the culprit. i would love to eat healthy. she is spot on. the ada is criminally negligent. hi baby am ben easygoing person i like good and do good i like friends that have understanding and fun to be with i love arts, museum and music l lunch luxury every eve i compose poem and scripts am a civil engineer and a contractor i work for company and i work in asia,africa,and europe i need a woman who understands what love is all about, to be my own i saw your picture and i am impressed you're beautiful and baby you shines like a diamond springs in sky nicely like flowers in the garden of eden's i close my eyes all i is you at first sight i felt the energy of sun rays angel'wings written love on it i love you so much baby i want a wonderful woman will love me and know who i am and be mine forever i hope you will reply soonest thanks. @gene mcleod haha you wish. this woman admitted in her presentation that the low carb diet basically only treats the symptoms not the cause. her words were: as soon you stop the diet the problems come back, usually doubled. @christian z take a look around you. you have lost this wfpb pr campaign. people are following doctors like hallberg, their numbers are growing, and they are restoring their health. the crazy wfpb hypothesis you evangelize from your high priests is ineffective and has been disproved. hallberg is in it for your health. the wfpb crowd is in it for animal \"rights\". the toothpaste is out of the tube- and ain't no way it is going back in. @samuel morales did you miss the part when she said, as soon as they stop the diet the disease comes back twice as bad. so they still have diabetes.\na whole food plant based diet is the only diet shown to reverse and prevent type 2 diabetes, every time.\nfyi, a low carb diet would be sustainable plant based, but not from animal foods cuz that is not sustainable for the environment and is toxic for humans. @christian z low carb is sustainable and logical for a person with type ii diabetes. diabetes is a frightening disease, but many do not realize it has triggered it western \"medicine\" is not nice.\nwestern \"medicine is carcinogenic. i went from a1c of 10.4 to 5.3 in 6 months. losing weight was nice too. thank you! we just need the \"sponsored by the meat, dairy and egg industry\" disclosure here. same as the atkins theory. bad, bad, bad. marco antonio regil her advice is solid and your lack of knowledge doesn't change that. as long as it kills the sugar industry in the process. so don't eat this way. it's curing type 2 for some of us. she never addresses the root cause. what exactly caused the body to resist insulin? is controlling blood sugar 'artificially' masking the problem? i'm sorry if this comes across as crude, but if you are a diabetic, you will always be a diabetic. the only reasonable convenient way to manage your diabetes is to use, \"afrezza.\" not only will \"afrezza\" lower your a1c but it will place you in non-diabetic (a1c) levels preventing your diabetes from damaging your body. \"afrezza\" is an inhalable meal time insulin for t1/t2 diabetics it has been on the market since 2014 and is the best diabetes break through humans have had .... ever. youtube \"afrezza\" it will change your life. pure nonsense. it's useless for type 1 because the dosage is uncontrollable and unpredictable and it doesn't last long enough. there are many type 2's who've been treated, effectively, through diet and life style management since the time of hippocrates. the use of a short-acting. unmanageable does off short acting insulin can encourage exactly the sort of high-peak, high insulin response blood sugar bouncing that is so very dangerous to type 1's like myself if we eat a high carb meal and try to medicate for it. it's very difficult to balance correctly and avoid high and low blood sugars: it's why i have to test my blood sugar basically every hour for four hours after eating out. my dad has type 2 diabetes. he exercises and eats 30g carbs per day. he still can't get his blood sugars down. he's on three meds and it still won't go down. no doctor or nutritionist he's talked to knows what to do. imagine what would happen to diabetes medicine industry if everyone dropped the carbs! there would be lots of heart surgeries. how about if they would release the cure that they have instead of stealing money off of people sherry allen\ni have , so where are your references! shouting does not make your preachy unscientific arguments any more valid ! do some research! you are dead wrong! dangerously wrong! first, anyone who takes over 500 units of insulin (24 h) is seriously in bad shape and any program that limits calories and increases movementis going to be a big help. like a life saving intervention.period. i agree about over ingesting carbs as being a culprit, but cutting them out because you don't need them? i bet you a bowl of lentil chili that you can consume them in unrefined and nutrient dense forms and stay very healthy. go all protein and you have other issues associated with ahigher metabolic waste. remember atkins? works at first, but it wasn't easy on the kidneys. or the bowels. or the liver.second, i'm looking at this speaker, her poorly muscled arms and lumpy body and i'm not getting a picture of glowing health. that's catty..... only if she did not present her meals as an indicator of the successful nutritional combination and how good it was for you. when she said \"we are recommending exactly what's 'causing' the problem\". i knew that there was no more need to listen. 40 to 60 grams of complex carbohydrates will not and cannot \"cause\" type 2 diabetes. it exacerbates the problem, but it's not the root cause. wow!! she is part of the problem. if anyone is suffering from type 2 diabetes and wants to resolve this issue in under 2 months guaranteed. i'm here to show you how, no this isn't a gimmick i can promise you. apparently the speaker hasn't heard of a whole food plant based diet. carbs aren't the enemy. she's probably funded by the meat industry. cutting out carbs destroys your cardiovascular system and increases coronary artery disease. she knows about it. but only 1 out of 50 of her patients would do it. face reality. a plant-based diet is for at most, 2% of the population. this is not true. i'm from srilanak and these vaddha people are in our province.we would be the first people to know if there was such kind remedy.please don't just insult. these people who are we protect as they are nations treasure .just don't sell them.if you have this thing just don't bribe help people with it with out making marketing lies.there is no difference between those companies coz you both do same. this lady is so wrong. brooke is a prob a vegan activist. stop telling people to eat a plant based diet!!!humans do not have the gut of an herbivore to digest fiber. brooke p i know you are but what am i. brooke p, yes if this lady is wrong how come most or her patients are getting rid of med? do you work for an insulin pharmaceutical or are you a pharma rep for metforminor mellitus? maybe you work for the ada? clyde dale this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet sarah hallberg is great !!! too bad for the 3k nonbelievers that will end ip with diabetes because their mibd is closed and are brain washed by their doctors, and the big-pharma industry. maybe they didn't get the parts where sarah says \"it dosen't make sense\" obviously they hopped right over those very important words. the rest of us can follow sarah's advice and live healthy.......and happy. sarah rocks ! yes, it's just common sense. if you have a problem with blood sugar, avoid eating sugar, grains and starches as best as you can. so simple, but so much resistance. i will never get it.\nand doctors are clueless, and big pharma loves the status quo. wow. i guess some people should not eat carbs. the medical industrial pharmaceutical complex be damned. great video. and, she's cute..... ;) i got a blood results..i'm 5 points over..i'm like 105...how bad is that?? what should i do?? tia..they said healthy is 70 - 100 range. what rubbish is she telling? i hope i am wrong and this isn't another quackery book commercial.\ni have a problem with her over-simplifying, yes. nothing. other than success with her patients, who will refer their friends and relatives to her. problem with that? willpower is a myth. don't pretend it exists she comes across like an uninformed charlatan i'm a newly diabetic and i don't know to do when i should can the person of this video help me . diabetes is the invention of pharmaceutical companies. there is no such disease called diabetes. whatever the food you eat is finally converted into glucose and absorbed in the body system. when you eat perfectly you will be having perfect digestion and the glucose derived out of perfect digestion will also be good. if your digestion is imperfect you get bad glucose. yes! you have two types of glucose. good glucose. and bad glucose. just like good cholesterol and bad cholesterol. the pancreas give insulin only to the good glucose and this good glucose alone enter into the cells. pancreas don't give insulin to the bad glucose. so these glucose without insulin cannot enter into the cells. so these bad glucose will remain in the blood circulatory system for sometime and finally kidney finally extract the bad glucose and send out of the body system through urine. you people examine this kind of blood and urine and brand a person as diabetic. if you diagnose a person as diabetic means his pancreas are in excellent condition, because pancreas never give insulin to bad glucose which was derived out of imperfect digestion. taking medicine including insulin shots is a blunder and is the red carpet welcome to all other kind of diseases which means good business. to hospitals and pharmaceutical companies. oh really? you know that type 1 diabetes is genetic right? this is a bla bla talk only. what do you do for vitamin c would you take vitamins or would you get that with the green lettuce i'm thinking cucumbers and very green lettuce with different meats and eggs wow, her confidence despite her ignorance is truly impressive! i've tried to eat right but i just can't. carbs do not satiate. too high a proportion of carbs keep you eating more and more. eat real food. 98% of what you find in a gas station is a terrible choice for your pattern of eating. most people lack discipline so they follow the herd and become heavier because they eat so much processed food (which is so carb rich). dear doctor worship ganesh ji and stop selling your meat\nbusiness. this kind of knowledge base will destroy humanities. your curing diabetes will rise up the stent business. of course the pharmaceutical industry wants to keep selling medicine. this was very informative. people will buy pharmacies empty even without any effort of any company is dr. hallberg a conspiracy theorist? hard to diet her way if you are vegan what all the coconut , palm oil to eat with some nuts and seeds, olives i try to keep my carbs at 40-65 per day!!! i was obese or morbidly obese since puberty. at 53 i had a \"normal\" bmi since i was 14! what a weird feeling. i am so insulin resistant. i am so so apple shaped even after losing 170lbs! isn't another widely accepted prejudice, lack of intelligence? alot of the negative comments that are coming from people that dont know that everybodies body chemistry is different and that all diets dont work for the same people find what works for you and go for it try it out dont rely on big pharma be health contiguous get of the stage this speech doesn't give any solutions for diabetics just a common speech every one did before the first 60 seconds is completely wrong so how can i trust the rest. calories in/calories out. learn your body's calories out and feed appropriate calories in. this sounds similar to the dukan diet i could watch and listen to her speak about anything forever. she is good ! thank you. thanks very much sarah for the great, bold advice with proof, will follow and pass on the message to the needy and point to this talk!!! she's not explaining the difference in high-density carbs vs low-density carbs. this is key, and is what dr sears published in his zone diet back in, i think, 1995!! love her ! cheap??really??meat are expensive than veg..really. very low carb diets are wonderful for reducing the symptoms of diabetes. however. .. . especially with exercise, your thyroid will be affected by the lack of carbs in the long run. yoshi muroi not many people run 100 miles a week, you could eat brown sugar sandwiches.lol.but most people with a traditional american diet get too many carbs and sodium especially if you're in a lower income bracket in inner-cities with less fresh food options. there's a great ted talk by a marathon runner discussing myths and discoveries about athletes and ketogenic diet. would be worth checking out. if i can find it again i'll post the title . all carbs are not equal,just like fats and protiens.fruits the same,dried fruits are not as good for because they are higher in sugar.fruit juice is like drinking a soda.corn is in everything just with different names it's in ketchup at least 3 ways alone. \"you seem like schooling was a problem for you.\"\nis that addressed at anybody in particular or do you just enjoy spitting into the wind? ash ! not necessarily, fats are used as energy. carbs are not essential? this is a correction from text books? you need fiber which is a carb and need carbs! gluconepgenisis is a taxing process and increases chances of diabetes fiber is not a carbohydrate. fiber is mostly hydrocarbons like cellulose, and is *not* carbohydrates. you made the same mistake that velikovsky made in his ludicrous book about venus erupting from the red spot of jupiter, passing the earth, and the lightning between the planets causing manna to fall from heaven for the israelites because he didn't know the difference, either. ever hear of green vegetables? reversed t2d in about 3 months doing this.. also dropped weight and bad cholesterol tanked.. whats not to like? look if nibbling on arugula worked for you then do that. if staring mindlessly at blue fire hydrants daily for fifteen minutes worked for you then do that.. keeping insulin low worked for me.. and will also work for virtually anyone with insulin resistance gee, you mean that a sensible, balanced diet and a disciplined regiment of physical training will prevent diabetes, among other illnesses? you don't say. she is giving advise that is the opposite of what the ada advises. why don't you attack them? i'm an insulin-dependent type 2 diabetic. i have been eating low-carb for almost a month now. i stopped taking insulin before every meal because inevitably my sugar level would dip too low, and i'd have to eat carbs. it was a vicious cycle! i still take the slow-release insulin at night, however. i completely agree with dr. hallberg's approach and know the information is accurate. however, my blood sugar level is still way too high after meals in spite of my cutting carbs. i am also in ketosis, which doesn't make sense because my glucose is too high. i've lost only 7 pounds, and that was after two weeks. so for the past week-and-a-half, i've lost nothing. not sure what to do, but i certainly don't want to consult my endocrinologist -- the doctor who keeps telling me i need to eat 45 grams of carbs with each meal! look up dr. bernstein. he has a facebook group and a book ( a lot of the book info is free online). he's a t1 diabetic and has a lot of advice and experience on the matter. great information! tfsharing. any 'first year' interested college student,....can teach how and why insulin works...especially with respect to carbohydrates.\ndiabetes is a disease of naivete now....not genetics....for the most part.\nstop eating \"processed food\"...stay in the \"outside isles\" of the supermarket...and eat clean meats, butter....cured! even a greater reason why that commenter's logic is totally flawed. thank you for the clarification! (this is in reference to a commenter pointing out that dr. atkin's died in his 70's of heart failure, but commenter tanya robinson pointed out that dr. atkins actually died of a congenial heart disease.) thank you. i am a believer in doctor berstein, all diabetics should have his book. +christian zamora-garcia\na low carb diet is far from unsustainable, it is the ideal diet and very healthy as long as you eat good vegetables to ensure you get a good balance of vitamins and fibre. jerome potts,\nhe's the little boy bear from the bernstein's bears. he grew up and became a doctor when papa bear became a type 2 diabetic. it's definitely a must read who's dr. bernstein and what's he doing here? wrong dr. bernstein. we aren't listening to stanley. look for the complete diabetes solution, by dr. richard bernstein. doctor must not know what a vegan is. or never even considered the diet composition of places like asia lol. dude, i'm a chinese and lemme tell what most chinese eat every day, meat. we don't have that many sick vegan soldiers like the west. both sides are wrong and right you have to take into context how much physical exercise one person does, if he does none then you go for low carb if you do a lot then you go high carb simple as that. rose pearl indians eat a lot of dairy, cook their food in butter and may insert full lids of oil in their food (search tadka) and eat a lot of deep fried snacks... no example for healthy eating shouldn't generalize.\nnever generalized. i'm asian, filipino/japanese to be precise. rice is our staple food. but i am also vegan and have been for ages, mainly for ethical reasons. guess what? i have insulin resistance, am not particularly slim and have a gracious layer of chub. i workout everyday, i lift weight and yet veganism hasn't done much for me. and i don't eat junk at all. veganism doesn't always heal diseases. it doesn't always do the right things. just like ketogenic diets or atkins won't work for everyone. which makes it so difficult to find just one cure. rose pearl\nvegetarian =/= vegan do your research independently and you will quickly find the same as i have. \"numerous studies bear out the value of physical activity and exercise in improving insulin sensitivity.\" refer eric berg copied eric berg i'm pre diabetic found out 2 years, my partner has low blood sugar. we both don't go to the doctor because we can't. i've exercise lost 45 lost since i found out of my pre-diabetis. any advice? bravo, i spent twelve months following the nhs directive on diabetes medication and average carbs with no positive effect, in fact my blood sugars were getting worse. 4 weeks on low carb, low calorie and instantly the blood glucose has responded. i am no longer insulin resistant. i may have some way to go to reverse it completely but i feel great and i don't have half the symptoms i had before. ignore all the vegan fanatics below, this video is great advice... great advice. so others should be on a boring, calorie restricted diet for life. i had amazing carne asada last night, chips and guac, and several margaritas. going out for italian this weekend. no fad diet here. why all the hate? what she says makes total sense. when the body works properly it is cured; god bless dr. oz for using the word cure,.. we need that word and this witch gets a thumb down for winking at it. fasting! ketogenic diet! i can't believe this advice. it's bad news and irresponsible to tout it as it does not stack up to the claims she is making. what about fixing insuline resistance? watch dr neil bernard's .. plant based !! you can eat good carbs and control/ get rid of your diabetes and not end up with a heart attack! this is a great talk i like her advice very practical and balanced avoiding sugar, white flour, potatoes i feel are the best advice.\nso eat whole grains & avoiding sugar will greatly help. \"leave the grandstanding to dr. o\"z.....? didn't understand the comment's relevance...... was that supposed to be a joke? or a comment from envy?.... she is right. keto all the way too much talk - 0 help! just promote book. read \" grain brain\".... very good information... this information is \"gold\" ...after an hour with a dietition...i did not learn anything as valuable as this! thank you dr. hallberg! i'm throwing my carbs out. why did the audience even allow her to finish?? how did she get on that stage? oh i know.... probably because her min carb plan makes the patients sick and starving, and the obesity temporarily goes away. quack quack quack i agree with you it isn't the only way, it is one way if done correctly. i have trouble digesting meat, be it beef, poultry, pork, eggs, and diary. all of that actually makes me feel ill, so it wasn't so much a choice for me. i feel a lot better on a plant based because of this, i supplement with a liquid vitamin/mineral/amino mixture to make up for anything that i am not getting from plants.\nall in all it is about portion size and calorie counting. those idiots that promote once you go vegan you can eat an unlimited amount of calories especially if it is mostly fruit are full of it. they forget to mention that they are burning damn near 3,000 calories a day by exercising/being physical for nearly the entire day.\nso okay, i get where you are coming from. i do agree with a lot of the research studies that suggest plant based eating is healthy and can reduce risk of disease, but i'm not going to use those studies to push a separate agenda in an attempt to stop the animal farming industry. it makes those studies look bad on the surface if people that appear mentally unstable are using them.. i have stated many times that i have absolutely nothing against people who choose to be vegans. nothing.\nwhat i can't stand is when vegans post on sites like this, claim that the speaker is nuts, and state that the only way to get healthy (including stopping type 2 diabetes) is to become a vegan. nothing could be further from the truth. eric k, i have read through a lot of comments, and you've been going at this for quite sometime.. other than the 'i'm better than you attitude' and \"meat and fur are murder!\" crazies that push their agenda to the point of harassment.. what do you have against the average vegan than minds his/her own business, and eats a whole food plant based diet? eric k trust me if i was a vegan or vegan fanatic, i would. i just eat a balanced diet, and i'm moderately active. i don't believe cutting natural carbohydrates out of anyone's food, and just sharing my opinion awesome talk thank you. very reassuring to know my general practitioner gives the same advice about potatoes, grains and sugar. no potatoes? nope im eating potatoes, yums especially..yams* i guess its not, you asking? just as arbitrary as saying \"no eating potatoes?? nope im eating potatoes , drinking beer especially\" yam is not a potato ^^ i need this help big time the thing i never understand about the carb hate: the japanese and chinese do eat rice. white rice. they are not generally diabetic, pre or otherwise.\nso is it the rice? or, is it what we eat (or don't eat) with the rice? because i know, having lived in japan, that the american version of these foods isn't the presence of rice but of added sugar...actual sugar. my goodness, this is a revelation. asians eat rice! stop the presses! now, i have lived in taiwan and china and eaten with people from thailand, vietnam, the philippines, and korea. yes, they ate white rice: a tiny bowl at lunch and dinner. much less than the average american. asians eat lots of veggies, especially pickled and fermented veggies, and a decent portion of meat. traditionally, very little processed foods, snacks, or dessert. thanks a lot, tedx!!! two months ago i finished to use insuline cause this video changed my mind. \"more fats, no carbs\"\ni'm so grateful to you tedx, and to dr. sarah hallberg. i was injecting myself for 2 years, but now my life's changed and my doctor told me that \"you don't need insuln for now\". that's awesome. beans. beans and legumes do this thing call the \"second-meal\" effect. look it up, all plants and vegetables carry all minerals and vitamins we require! fat's return of anything other than calories is garbage. to think we evolved to eat flesh three meals a day is absolutely insane. thank you doctor porridge, rice, potatoes, bread & honey has sustained many a person for millennia to live a long & healthy life but i suspect they moved much more than the average modern human. i'm a big fan of cutting bigpharma out of the picture i watched this video back in february. i was 300 lbs (5'7\") and had been on meds for about a year. its now august and i have lost 52 pounds and stopped taking my diabetes meds. my fbs is always between 95 and 100. i've also recently stopped taking my bp meds. (with the guidance of my doctor, of course.) my labs are all normal and my triglycerides are lower than they have ever been. my doctor is completely on board. she said, \"whatever you are doing, keep doing it.\" i like the overall point of the speaker, to cut carbs and increase fats.\ni disagree with her idea that diabetes is only a disease. in most cases the body becomes resistant to insulin over time. due to habits and living style.... so it is a component of 'character'. and it is a disease in that way as well in that the symptoms look like a problem with the body. but that is as a result of living style.\nthe speaker talks about our drives as if we can't help ourselves but to indulge them. not true. you are so irresponsable in that message i can't believe you should feel shame about that i'm so mad you really suck of course if you make does changes if you make that cut in food and add unnecessary things something is going to happen but is not healthy! you could have the same results doing drugs and that's either healthy! you are so irresponsable intelligence is only telling why don't you talk about the origin and the animal protein as a cholesterol ldl blocking the cells that should receive the glucose cut the killer carbs and the diabetic pandemic will disappear! great talk dr sarah hallberg. now if we could only cut the killer lobbyists and big industry from messing up human health. i believe that there are more meat, egg, and dairy lobbyists than grain lobbyists. both sides are wrong and right you have to take into context how much physical exercise one person does, if he does none then you go for low carb if you do a lot then you go high carb simple as that. oh my god. please. don't listen to this. she couldn't be more wrong. this is absolutely the furthest thing from the truth. another dr that has seen the light be careful the pharmaceutical companies will come for you now no more grants and sponsorship for you doc does this study cover other populations besides people in the u.s., including those who live in areas with long growing seasons? i believe that some people are certainly suited to such a diet, but what about those tropical island populations who eat only yams, or african cultures which eat lots of root vegetables, legumes, and grain porridge? how much does this new diet cost, compared to the old, carb-heavy diet? could people on food stamps or getting their food from food pantries follow this diet? and eat what? fat and protein? total nonsense? please watch dr. michael greger, dr. mcdougall, dr. neal barnard, dr. esselstyn instead. i believe they have the truth on carbs and nutritional healing. watch and make your judgment. i agree with the lady. ditch the carbs if your body can't handle them. don't ditch them i you can't handle the truth. big pharma selling metformin is counting on that but it's not just metformin. i'd challenge any of you that a majority of diabetics don't only take metformin. metformin is one of the first medicines doctors prescribe for those just showing signs of diabetes or are \"pre-diabetic\". six months later (or whatever), more expensive (usually oral) medicines are prescribed, and then it's not too long before insulin and other very expensive injected meds are prescribed/needed. obviously, these meds are for those that don't change their diet and lifestyle. i am/was one of these people. i just accepted that \"doctors know best\" and i kept on having cereal and toast for breakfast, sandwiches at lunch, and starchy potatoes and other high-carb items at dinner. sure, i was going the whole-grain route, but nothing seemed to be working. recently i decided to limit my carbs to one english muffin (yes, \"whole-grain\") per day and then wherever they might show up in my veggies and other daily foods like that. i have not had other breads, pasta, rice, potatoes, etc. for weeks and i can see the difference. my glucose readings are dropping (stopped taking insulin, but still on oral meds . . . .for now), my weight is dropping, and i don't feel hungry or craving foods i thought i could never give up. i have a long road ahead of me. it took me decades to build this weight, so it's going to take a while to lose what i want to lose, but i have faith. p.s.: what this doctor doesn't mention is the need to give up most fruits - - berries are maybe the only real fruit you can eat realistically. avocados, lemon juice, and (to a degree) tomatoes would also be lumped into the fruit category. and certain food markets selling products that cater to sugar addiction. these items will often be disguised as high class or health food. they're usually heavily processed and low in nutrients and macronutrients other than carbs. nina newport\nthe company do profit from metformin; not a huge profit, but they do, and it adds up!\ni knew a guy from the company that makes metformin, and we had a long chat about prescribed drugs, and metformin was one of the subjects that came up. i used to take metformin, but a few years ago, but i switched to glucophage, which is the brand name; metformin is the generic name. i prefer to pay my money and get the best of everything, especially where my health is concerned. as the saying goes, \"you get what you pay for\", and it's true! nina newport\nmetformin is really cheap, and for your information, doctors and companies do profit from metformin! no one makes a medication, that's not profitable! what about vegetables?? brown rice, which is high carbs, has fats and proteins. beans, which is high carbs, has fats and proteins. there is no 100% carbs in vegetables, fruits, rice, beans, nuts. when we eat vegetables, fruits, rice, beans, nuts, all nutrition come into body. if you eat fats and proteins from animals, then your body need to work very hard to get rid of toxicity from digesting meat. (american meat is especially in high toxicity due to the way farmers raise animals) your liver, kidney, stomach, heart need to work very hard to digest meat. your organs will age very fast. so you absorb fats and proteins from animals, but cost of harming your body is very high! alright, you don't 'cure' type 2 diabetes. but you can control it. you can do it with meds, or diet. i have been living on a low carb diet for about a year now. i was not overweight at the start (bmi 22.5 and very low fat from a dexa scan). i'm very happy with this arrangement (i wont call it a diet as i don't see it as that) but i am very active (long-distance cyclist) and i do suffer from low energy dips which make me, at worst, feel depressed. so it seems minimising the carbs whilst taking in enough for energy to fuel activity is the way to go. i have difficulties when travelling as the only food i can buy in airports railway stations etc is junk food full of carbs. i'm a biochemist, professor of medicine, internist for 30 years and have genetically have insulin resistance. this talk is so over simplified as to make it absurd. diabetes is far more than type one or two, sorry, it's complicated and what works for one type of person doesn't work for the next. for me, a very low carb high fat and meat duet works best but that's not applicable to the majority. either this lady is ignorant or she has so simplified the situation as to be useless.\nsorry people, it is complicated. type-2 diabetes is the end result of \"body positivity\" well she seems to completely ignore what causes insulin resistance in the first place and it is...fat.\nwikipedia. org/ wiki/insulin_resistance#cause\nif her diet (which we dont really see) is based on whole food sources of fat well that might be why it works for her...\nwhole food plant based reverses type 2 diabetes among other problems... the problem with this talk is that she doesn't go one step further and ask \"why can't the insulin do its job of getting the glucose into the muscle?\". the answer is \"because of elevated levels of intramyocellular lipids\" which is the fancy doctor term for fat in muscles. bullshit. read 80/10/10. wow, i love your video. good information. thanks thank you for sharing the facts!!! so many people have been lied to and ignore actual results... i live on keto and am in the best shape and healthy of my life!!! i've been on an lchf diet since may '16 but more for high blood pressure an slight overweight. it also took away inflammation in my knee and hip. i've had trouble laying on my shoulders and had a lot of discomfort at night while almost nothing if not sleeping, that disappeared while i had not thought about it at all but i guess that was less then a year into the diet.\ni was confused by neil bernard at tedxvermont who described how intracellular lipids block insulin receptors on muscle cells as the cause of diabetes and says his patients do well on an (extremely?) low fat diet but eat all fruits and veggies they want, but i think i now understand how that works. by depriving the body from necessary fats the cells use up all that intracellular lipids as it is also required for membranes. if lipids get to low, the liver can use some of the fructose to convert into lipids to avoid total co-laps. i suppose the inflammations that an lchf diet cures/prevents are not from intracellular lipids, but from stress on tissues that have genetic defects that are normally cleaned-up during rest /sleep and if all these mechanisms fail these tissues are falsely recognized as possibly infected by a dis-functioning immune-system that attacks them.\ncancer cells actually gorge on glucose and are stopped dead in their tracks by limiting glucose and working on ketones. all cancer cells have their mitochondria disabled as these would certainly instruct the dis-functioning cells to commit suicide (apoptosis) but that means they cannot use the metabolic pathway of ketones and have to use the only non mitochondrial pathway of anaerobic glucose conversion. it is a very inefficient pathway so they really need much more glucose then other tissue so they starve without glucose.\nit also is pretty dumb to think our ancestors had to have big canines to be able to eat meat. archaeologists find heaps of only femurs from big game as these are the only bones that are not eaten by even hyenas as they are to strong and heavy. starting at around 2.5 million years ago these were survival packages that they broke open with tools to get access to mainly fat and protein. that allowed our tummies to shrink and energy to spare for a bigger brain. they also gathered fruits nuts and seeds but only for a short part of the season and usually the extra body fat helped to survive during successive periods of scarcity (monsoon). but it is false to use the story as a starting point of knowledge, first comes the metabolic evidence, then try to understand how that evolved if possible. great and informative video! this is a terrible presentation on so many levels. first of all, her voice is obnoxious. she speaks from her throat, not her diaphragm. second, she keeps protracting and extending her cervical spine and flexing and compressing her thoracic spine increasing her overall body tension and the shrillness of her voice. on to her advice. i don't know anyone in their right mind who recommends carbohydrates to diabetics. so where she's getting this information from, i have no idea. there are many problems with the american agricultural system, food industry, and medical system. we have the fattest people in the world. go to other foreign countries such as france. you'll be hard pressed to find a fat person. look at most africans or asians living on their continents when they have not adopted american eating styles. hardly any fat people. ever see a fat person in a pow or concentration camp? nope. the secret? eat less and move more. eat less and move more! and when you eat, stay away from crap. caffeine. refined sugars and starches. alcohol. processed foods (things in boxes, cans, or jars). eat healthy, organic, non-grain fed beef, chicken, lamb, fish, and eggs and wild game if you can get it. eat raw nuts and seeds. and especially, eat an abundance and diversity of vegetables ... lots and lots of vegetables. eat a variety of fruits but not too many. stay away from anything white ... white sugar, white flour, white rice, white potatoes, etc. eat green things before they turn brown. eat brown things before they turn green. that's a joke. stay away from american grains which are almost all laced with glyphosate. stay away from artificial sweeteners that are central nervous system excitotoxins. get your iodine in your food and stay away from other halogen sources (fluoridated water or toothpaste, chlorinated water, brominated soft drinks and baked goods, etc.). avoid raw broccoli, cauliflower, and other goiterogens. get off your butt and move and move fast. sitting in easy chairs, watching tv, using remote controls, using electric windows and automatic transmissions in cars, driving around and around to get as close as possible to the door of a store, driving everywhere, etc. have made us fat. also, consider your genetics (your dna) in choosing your diet. the closer your ethnic origin is to the poles, the more meat (i.e. fats and proteins) you will eat. the closer to the equator, the more vegetables and grains you will eat and low purine proteins. there's much more but if you follow the above, you can overcome your type 2 diabetes. watch \"forks over knives\" i cured my diabetes by eliminating fats and consuming almost exclusively carbohydrates.\nif we eat more fat, we risk heart disease and stroke. i'd prefer to reduce my risk of diabetes and heart disease at the same time.\nthis lady might be focused on fatloss - but certainly not overall health. this is the worst doctor i've ever seen. if this doctor was working in the uk she wouldn't be able to even talk about nutrition for diabetes, as she is not a dietitian (a real nutrition professional that has a bsc and msc in nutrition and passed a dietitian registering exam). shame american doctors or mds think they are so good that they can claim so much nonsense. look at this nonsense advice: increase fat and reduce carbohydrate (no grains, no potatoes and no sugars - ok medical doctor if you can show enough scientific researches that proved that this is even a healthy way to eat i will follow your advice (oh what? there are no large scale researchers for long term use of this proposed diet to maintain human health). oh sugar... isn't it irresponsible to recommend anything that hasn't been scientifically proven? do you recommend any medication that hasn't been properly tested, and so why recommend a nutrition advice that hasn't been properly tested? please stop treating patients as you are clearly bad at it and stick with youtube video productions (especially conspiracy theory videos) what none of these \"experts\" tell you is that the source of the carb has more effect than the carb, itself. stop eating processed food - anything put in a package in a factory - and your bg will return to normal levels and stay there. eat sensibly, exercise, and be kind to those around you and you will live a miracle. who the heck is telling diabetics to eat carbs? my doctors never ever told me that. the problem is not carbs, the problem is obesity. don't want to be fat? stop eating it. i cut out 90% of my fat intake (meat, dairy, cooking oils) lost 40 pounds in 3 months. thank you, sarah! i can give up grains, but i could never give up potatoes. lowfat is bullshit. tastes horrible. this is contradictory to dr. mcdougall... dr. mcdoodoo is a potato-based vegan. pay not attention to him. 4:38 \"rule number two is: in an hour you're starving.\" i don't know what kind of chinese food you've been eating, getting stuffed on chinese means full for like 8 hours or not hungry for breakfast the next morning. the camera man could close-in on sarah but couldn't close-in on the charts, pictures and graphs. so, we (i) couldn't read or see details. at least you weren't playing music while sarah was talking. i did learn from her i wish she had given recommend specific foods, and %'s. so wrong! she compares a standard high fat/ high carb american diet (30% fat) to a high fat ultra low sugar diet. neglects to mention what causes insulin resistance in the first place - intracellular lipids (fat) prevents insulin from driving sugar into cells causing pancreas to burn itself out by over producing insulin. of course, eliminating sugar from diet will lower blood sugar. notice she says patient will relapse and show high blood sugar if they stop this artery-clogging high fat diet. there are not long term studies on the impacts of keeping the body in this unnatural state of ketosis (eskimos die young). diabetes=carbohydrate intolerance. i'm a 53 year old male. (picture is my wife). i had diabetes ii for 7 years and i've been fasting for 2 years now. my weight was from 215 to 168 lbs. my metformin is now down from 5 to 2 tabs a day. my aic is always between 5.6 and 6.8. i eat non-stop from 6pm to 10pm daily. i eat anything. sweets and anything and a lot, really a lot. my doctor says she don't like what i'm doing but all my numbers are ok so she said do whatever you're doing. now i eat 3 meals per day on weekends. i am hooked to this diet and i can't imagine stopping because everyday i look forward to 6pm because i will eat whatever and i don't count how much or what it is. it's a daily feast. i hope someone tries this because it is very enjoyable. i'm loving my diabetes. it made me eat whatever i want. smoothies with fiber intact, made with chia seeds or some nuts, kale or collards, and some small amount of organic fruit to sweeten it up, made with chilly spring water- contains 100% rda for nearly your entire day, with minimal actual calories- and because of the fiber will keep you feeling full for about 10 hours. over ice you will learn to love it as much as a milkshake. vary the fruit to keep things novel. is it not true that intramyocellular lipids play a huge role in insulin sensitivity? and therefore cause the insulin resistance that causing the high glucose levels that you are treating by reducing the intake of carbs? i don't disagree that reducing carbs i'll inevitably reduce blood sugar, my problem is your argument for high fat. there is no argument that fat, especially saturated fat (like in coconut) creates a huge risk factor for coronary artery disease, obesity, and insulin resistance. how do you square that? yes low-carb's may reduce blood glue close levels, combined with high fat will also increase the risk of coronary artery disease which ones more important? hi i just wanted to add to my other comment i lost 35 lbs maintained my weight i do not take insilin or never did.. i;m not sure i would agree on eating more fat ,cutting fat off my meats has been a part\nof my diet i am level 2 i watch the sugars walk good rest positive attitude. boston girl lol i was going to leave a comment but it seems that there are too many (or maybe just a couple with several different accounts) bashing anyone who posts anything contradictory. i take that as a cue. this is the worst advice i've ever heard in my entire life. this woman apparently wants to kill people. they may get rid of diabetes, but will for sure end of with cancer or some other deadly disease. 6 years ago i was told i had diabetes 2 and it will never be reversed i didnt follow food guide lines as they were too hard to remember too difficult and i would not enjoy my life anymore but i did reduce my sugar intake alot,stillhave 4 slicesof cake at night with cups of tea stopped white breadand ate smaller meals of what i liked healthy or not, still not doing exercizes ,i was never over weight.one year agoi had a much lower blood sugar and was told i no longer have diabetes federal agents under the order of big pharma and big food will be arresting this lady. she is gonna get 40 years. she is costing them money! lol bruliet her data is in process for getting published in a peer reviewed journal devinslice can you direct me to your research i would love to read through your data a ketogenic diet (no carbs at all) has produced all kinds of health. so, you are either incorrect or a troll. she is literally setting people up to be diabetic for life.\nshe woulda got a raise after this lecture hahaha so, how could i approach this as a type one diabetic that needs insulin because i don't make my own insulin? you could still eat food that doesn't need a label. just pay attention to how your body responds to various foods. we have been using this concept to lose weight and it is really working for both of us. it really makes sense to us. try it!!! lipotoxicity blocks insulin signalling, this chick is so stupid, attack the cause which is too much fat. this chick is full of shit, carbs are our main energy source. carbs are healthy, especially grains. lower your fat, and you reduce lipotoxicity in the cell. fat is the cause of diabetes, not carbs. this lady hasnt looked at the fucking data. i'm healthy bmi weight and eat over 400 grams of carbohydrates daily, the vast majority are starches, including potatoes, wheat bread. my blood sugar is normal. i feel extremely healthy. dr. john mcdougall: look at his website (free) and talk to your doctor and email john mcdougall before going on the diet. normal doctors on average do not know a lot about veggie diets. mr smith, whether or not someones get diabetes depends on a ton of other things like genetic disposition, exercise, smoking, stress levels, etc. however, for those who already have diabetes should restrict their carbs or at the very least, shift to whole grains from refined ones. unless you have had diabetes, and you've managed to control/reverse it by increasing your carb levels, your statement won't exactly make a valid point. the rate of diabetes among my vegetarian patients is considerably higher than the rate among my patients who eat very little carbs. about 30 years ago, one of my patients believed that being a strict vegan was the way to control his diabetes---he died of complications of diabetes, specifically uncontrolled hyperglycemia. i would never recommend a high carb diet to my patients, not any of them. i have my diabetic patients off all diabetic and cardiovascular meds and eating a very low carb diet. yet you've published nothing. congratulations. you seem like a regular person to me....\nsubscriptions like any other youtuber and nothing that could prove of higher medical intelligence other than having subbed to one med.... not a gifted speaker, overly animated but the logic is as solid as a rock! i reversed pre-diabetes through diet. i believe it can be done. learn how many carbs different foods have. use the labels and look at google. it will become second nature before long. thinks like junk food, rice, potatoes, bread, try to eat less starchy foods and more vegetables and lean meats. that keeps your blood sugar down. i'm type 1 diabetic insulin dependent, but i can control my blood with very little insulin doing that. just eat less carbs (especially simple carbs) and exercise sue, it's not rocket science. pre diabetes isn't diabetes/ full blown diabetes can't ne cured, only controlld. hard to listen to, considering her ass has a donut or two slathered on it. i am sorry, but it is bullshit. she knows how to talk. just a regular speaker. whatever scientists say.she repeats. tomorrow they will research something else she will repeat other stuff. i am sorry, it is ridiculous. same was regarding to fat and eggs. at first they say do not eat. now they say eat it eggs and fats. everything is very simple: eat on ly naturally produced food what god created. do not buy any food which was processed and added some preservatives or some other junk. cook at home. do exercises (but do not exhaust yourself). the rest god will do for you. god will not do any bad for you. human can...... question for u,, do u eat carbs at all,, is there a monotone reading presentation of this animated euthanistic lecture? amazing stuff. very clever. nicely done, doctor hallberg. vicdmise this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet human beings were not created to nitpick over ever-changing hypotheses, statistics and feel-good lectures in order to properly select food. \"stop treating food.\" how about we stop treating every disease as though it was short-terminal and start promoting good health? unless it's severe and acute, the best defense is a good offense. god gave adam and eve fruits, nuts, seeds and grain for food. vegetables were added after they failed the test of obedience to provide healing of inevitable disease. animal flesh for food wasn't permitted until after the flood, where we begin to see almost immediately the gradual truncation of the human lifespan. god decided he didn't want anymore 900 year-old sinners roaming the earth. like they use to say in the old spaghetti sauce tv commercials: \"it's in there.\" (the bible, that is.) the skeptics (yes, even the highly educated genius type) have no idea what they're toying with. don't be fooled, friends. a large part of the blame goes to the food and drug industries, along with their paid-off government cronies, for allowing toxic frannkenfoods to permeate our society....oh, and a well-schooled medical corps skilled at writing dangerous, over-priced, and unneeded toxic prescription drugs. but come on!...a large part of the blame also go to all the fat-fucks out there. you're not babies....you have brains...and nobody needs to tell you to eat plenty of organic fruits and vegetables, lean sources of organic animal protein, wholesome and essential fats, and avoid sugar and frankenfoods. and let's not forget drinking plenty of water, getting plenty of restful sleep, and exercising (vigorously) on a daily basis. it's my cake hole and i decide what goes into it. if i have blood glucose spikes, it is my fault. yes, there are carb addicted bastards all around trying to convince me to eat carbs all the time, but i subtract such bad influences from my life. but, i certainly do agree with you 100% that sheeple do become victims of the big med/big pharma death squads. (just because they murder you slowly doesn't mean it isn't murder) marissa chenoweth just stop eating it. buy smaller quantities of good foods. you won't starve. you pay now for good food, or you pay later with your health. miss gill. why yes i did watch the video. and i also have read about the atkins diet and it's detrimental effects on the liver and kidney.... so, up to speed. thanks for correcting my miss use of a word. god knows we need a world with copy editors! i guess you did some how understand the correct word i wanted to use so...my job with you is done. organic vegetables are expensive. meat is expensive, let alone healthy and nice meat. everyone snobbing around about how great enough lean meat ad fresh veggies to sustain two grown adults (much less a family) are can feel free to buy us fatties groceries. i'm not shoveling fistfuls of chili cheese fries down my gullet, i'm eating rice and spaghetti and baked potatoes. because they're cheap. for morons who are saying grain is good for you: our body was never designed to eat grains. we are made to live off meat (hunting/fishing) and forging forest for herbs and fruit.grain food was made for huge population of cheap work force (slaves) to fill they stomachs. multiple stage processing food is deadly for us (like grain products).isit so difficult to grasp that we should eat what we are designed by nature (or god) to eat. look what happens to animals if you feed them human food. they getting cancer and diabetes same like human. grains were different before today they are too hybridized okay, good advice (no, make it a great advice) but why in the name of good sense that horrid, highly questionable, and awfully distracting choice in clothing?! it makes you come across as a clown---an untrustworthy clown---when, in reality, you're the farthest thing from it. msparsley222 this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet we all have our bad clothes choice days especially when we're nervous about giving a public speech that day! haha. although the outfit isn't that bad! i just dont like the color combination. nothingmaster what nonsense. perfectly ordinary clothing. what happens if u don't eat meat? took just three mins to see this woman is an idiot. dear mister, your 'polite' opinion is worth- and useless if no explanation is given for this insult. took me less but i wanted to see if she was using clickbait logic.... and it made my head hurt even more... pure awesomeness! dr hallberg, thank you very much for the video. many in my family have diabetes type 2, and what you said makes every sense in the world. we need, could you direct me to a list of all carb food. i would like to practice what you said, and do it right away. thank you. if you are interested in the truth then you should reference dr. neal barnard on the topic, thisquack has no credentials or research experience on the topic this low carb high fat lifestyle i once opposed now has great results for me. me too.... yes , once i got tired of hearing on the news how what once doctors say something was good for you causes cancer ....this just kept happening , like with coffee, and wine and beer and many other things , i finally got fed up with it, and got such good results mixing the atkins diet with the mayo clinic diet, i eat a half of a grapefruit for breakfast and dinner and a salad for lunch with other low carb foods and lost 36 lbs in a month. geoff fieldew i agree, combined with regular exercise, i lost 24kg within 7 months and reversed my pre-diabetes. phillip barrera keep it up,you will get there. my a1c has been 4.5 for 3yrs now by counting carbs,walking,and eating more greens than starches.i also took meal classes sugar and salt are everywhere. same here. i lost 85 lbs due to diet and resumed exercise, but i got here. i eat high carbs(at least 80%) and i am skinny and healthy. what the lady here says is not accurate! do not listen to what she is saying just listen to your body, that is all! i agree with you. listen to your body moron high carb is probably just fine for someone who has never had to deal with diabetes. energy relied on fat and proteins will pollute your body, and this is reason that energy should most rely on carbohydrate because burning carbohydrate is clean. can you image that engine in your car is filled by crude oil? the engine will damage very fast! carbs are a killer if you have diabetes. so what you are saying is false for diabetics. if that was the case, how come you don't die in your sleep every night due to lack of carbs? or how come humans survived before there was agriculture? the only energy source that is not fully efficient is protein as it leaves urin acid when being processed. so never more than 85-170g (3-6 oz) of protein per day. to further your analogy about cars and fuel: 2 cars, one gas, one diesel.....both run fine. your point?\nlow carb people are just burning a different fuel.\nthe body is perfectly able to run on carbs or ketones...and for a diabetic, their engine runs better on ketones.\ndo some research and open your mind to the possibility that everything you've been....fed....about low carb or plant-based might be skewed. the problem is that we eat constantly, the problem isn't the fucking rice. when's the last time you saw a fat asian outside of the us? just do intermittent fasting to lose weight rather than go through all this bullshit of trying to decide what you can and can't eat. sure you can go vegan, do a keto diet, do a this or that diet, but if you do that then what are you supposed to do when your friends invite you out the dinner? social life and mental health can be just as important as physical health. i agree with this doctor i love her. she's so right. she is entirely correct. the american diet is all sugar. we cannot handle this load. we are all pre-d or t2! yes. type 2 diabetes was virtually non-existent before the second world war. it was after we adopted a highly refined, carbohydrate based diet that we started seeing huge increases in the numbers of heart disease, diabetes, and obesity. read up about nutrition and history of food processing in america. it will astound you. processing is designed to make a food cheap, and extend its shelf life. it makes the factory owners rich, and it makes the consumer sick. sharon duke\ngo gps = no grains, no potatoes and no sugars ( with include fruits too) mslavendermariposa get in right, its bad carbs,processed food. furits and vegetables are carbs. i get so sick of this miss leading. sick of it. everything is a carb. mslavendermariposa rice especially from south east asia are high in glucose, thus it is a culprit for the cause of diabetes. this is obviously a russian disinformation program. yes, a direct attack on our high fructose corn syrup dominance. i was 49/50 for t2d, i cut all carbs out and sugar, i went from 49 down to 44, it works escuse me, escuse me, madam, diabetes is an agravated emotional illness, thanks awesome video. this gal knows her stuff. karen standefer 8um christian zamora-garcia you are wrong.people reverse their diabetes with her diet. karen standefer this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet the body treats different types of carbs very differently (fructose from fruits vs sucrose from a donut), which is biochemically very complex to describe. but as you would guess, one is ok and the other is not. but the fact is, you can cut carbs or fat to cure dm or heart disease. you just have to cut out the bad carbs (donuts) or the bad fats (saturated). i find it odd that people don't recognize the fact that literally thousands of people have done so taking both approaches. this is pure science explained by a qualified doctor. dr. hallberg is the best. i didn't see the qualified doctor in this video. dr neal barnard is a diabetes expert, watch him if you want to listen to a qualified doctor. read my comment ta tchou great spam response. interesting that the same response is being provided over and over and over again, by \"different\" individuals... perica lazic great spam response. interesting that the same response is being provided over and over and over again, by \"different\" individuals... joh deguinion great spam response. interesting that the same response is being provided over and over and over again, by \"different\" individuals... she is doing as a doctor what a diet huckster is doing: stressing soft short term improvements, blood sugar control, level of insulin, etc, over long-term hard endpoints like death. eating a high fat diet, and loaded with animal products has been shown in large, long term, 25 years studies with 190,000 people that it increased deaths from diabetes and all cause mortality. the drug companies don't want diabetes to be reversed so that drug companies can continue to make money off of us.\na doctor once admitted to me that medical school literally teaches you nothing but drugs to fix the problems that arise, disease wise. thank you dr hallber you are a really life saver. i know that many colleagues ,drug stores and lab company hate you for be so truthfully. thank you. wish she had said more on the types of fats(olive oil vs pork) because as i see it commercial meats cause cancer also side note..ada is a crock of dog do do..they never have the people's best in mind but certainly do for their sponsors..the food industries. your clinic missed the plant based studies done? oh my god, woman you are an murderer: cure diabetes with fat? how much money are your killer methods making you? please don't give this nonsense any credit, fat gives an even higher spike than carbs an literally impacts your arteries, so sad to see this woman selling her clinic methods on tedx she saved my life! healthy people who eat carbs have a roller coaster of blood sugar spikes? no. she didn't say that. i think you may have watched the video with some strong presuppositions. she said very much the opposite, that blood sugar levels can remain level for years and years. why? because in a healthy person, the pancreas pumps out insulin to deal with the carbs and glucose. the more carbs you eat, the more it floods the body with insulin. over time, you become more and more resistant to the insulin, and if you keep eating lots of carbs, all the time, over and over, your pancreas never gets a rest, and eventually it is so overworked it gives up. then you have diabetes. did the carbs cause the diabetes? not directly perhaps, but indirectly it certainly played a big role, and trimming them down prior to the onset of diabetes certainly would have helped prevent it. if you trip over a stone, fall into the road, and get run over by a car, did the stone cause your death? maybe not exactly, but it certainly played a significant role. eliminate the stones from the sidewalk, and maybe there'll be fewer people tripping, falling into the street, and getting run over. i think she's on the right track with this. carbs don't directly cause diabetes, of course. that's an oversimplification. but carbs become sugar in your body. diabetes is high blood sugar. diabetes (type 2) is something you're not born with. you develop it over a period of time by overwhelming your pancreas with too many carbs, too often, for too long. eventually your overworked pancreas starts to give up, and either slows down or quits producing insulin to deal with the sugars. diabetes wasn't always the near epidemic it is today, and i think it's because, particularly in the states, we've gradually become addicted to fast food, high carb diets, full of processed foods, chemicals, sugars, carbs .. poison basically, and it's been going on so long that a massive percentage of the population has either developed full blown type 2 diabetes, or is on the fast track to developing it. a non-diabetic person can handle carbs, but they often don't realize how much of a strain they're putting on their system through that high carb diet, and they have no idea that they're pushing themselves toward diabetes. if they could discipline themselves to eat less carbohydrate, that could divert the pending disaster. and for those with diabetes, eating low carb, i really believe, is almost virtually a miracle solution, that can restore them to good health and in many cases, eliminate the need for insulin, metformin, or other diabetes meds. christian zamora-garcia - agree... i think dr. joel fuhrnam is the one who got it right... his book \"the end of diabetes\" is great... what would be better is to test all children's fasting insulin levels and when they start going up start educating about diet...not saying genes and lack of certain nutrients might not be causing diabetes.... but we have a very easy way to reverse it and to keep kids from getting sick in the first place.... wfpb can still be low carb. check out vegan keto facebook groups. also, you are wrong about lchf that includes meat reversing diabetes...thousands of people are doing it every single day... plant based keto people are also reversing their diabetes-- but the lower your carbs the faster it will happen.... would you like to compare bloodwork? hey sarah hallberg, i just want it to be known whoever gave you a thumbs down is clearly not intelligent another common falsehood is the idea that our brains can't survive if we stop eating carbs, or that the brain suffers in any way from a reduction in carb intake. our bodies produce plenty of glucose through gluconeogenesis. i realize that many athletes have believes this for years, that \"carb loading\" was necessary before doing exercise. but it's been proven false. yoshi muroi, that's just not correct. i have a friend who is on almost zero carbs, and he ran 26 marathons last year. yoshi muroi its very clear you didn't watch the video. i bet you couldn't run 120 miles a week whatever your diet consists of. i wonder who is more educated on the topic of overall health, you or the doctor on this ted talk? hey luc all, i just wanted to tell you that not all of us can survive on low carb diets. i'll give you a challenge, run 120 miles a week for 5 years without carbs and see how long you can last. i'm not against the low carb diet especially for less physically fit people, but i am against people who drive high carb diets to the ground. also going off of most health guidelines we are required to have at least 30min of moderate-intensity physical exercise, in this context having our diet being 50% carbs makes total sense, as we need it for the extra energy used in the physical activities. how many kids in your family have become diabetic ? many just accept it and a life full of trips to the pharmacy ,our bodies can heal if we give it what it needs and it will never come from a pharmacy terrie henderson this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet no grains no sugar no potatoes we should all know by now sugar kills and grains are problematical for many reasons and potatoes are just as bad as sugar . i have been a diabetic and no one wanted me not be one but me ; ] this is horrible for the body, check neal barnard research is she stupid? you don't get fat because of insuline resistance, you get resistant to insuline because you put too much in your body. annoying as hell. surprised any of her patients survive. i was looking for islamic hate videos, and came upon this she is only saying te truth,decreasing the carbs our body doesn't need that much insulin, she is treating thesymptomand not trying to cure diabetes. don't understand why there is an argument between vegans and carnists. yet, this woman should tell her patients the cause of diabetes, it doesn't change their condition, as she said, they will not be cured, but the condition of insulin take will be reversed. well... they will be slayers of a diet, if they mislead they will need to take insulin again while if they just stop eating so muh fat and make exercise, them, they can get those glycogen into their cells... and guess what! they will eat happy! because carbs are also fucking good!! guess what again! if they eatone meal high fat they will not have diabetes again! so essentially, what she's saying is that type 2 diabetes does have more to do with choices, rather than some mysterious disease that you just inherit or catch via a pathogen. i'm not saying that shame and guilt are required here, but personal accountablitliy is helpful. why would the ada want to see millions of people reverse their type 2 diabetes? if that happened, there would be no need for the ada to exist! docotors and pharmaceutical companies also wouldn't make as much money, so what incentive do doctors have to make logical recomendations? and why do they have insulin promblems? because they're eating way too much sugar, too many times without doing enough physical activity to put that fuel to use, over too many years. insulin resistence happens when the cell receptors stop accepting the insulin trigger to accept sugar because they already have enough sugar to what they are being asked to do. if you ask the cells to do more, via more physical activity, they will need more glycolytes (sugars and fats) to convert into atp, or if you reduce the amount of sugar intake to need the cellular needs, the cells will accept the insulin triggers to accept the sugar. please correct me if i'm misunderstanding this. i f you increase your fat intake, would you not be increasing your cholesterol levels? horace delsol consuming fat does not necessarily mean you are consuming cholesterol. the problem is that certain fatty foods often contain high levels of cholesterol. the trick is to maintain higher levels of high density lipoprotein (good cholesterol) and keeping low density lipoprotein levels low (bad cholesterol). dr neal barnard has a faaarr better ted talk on diabetes.. so i suppose every skinny lean asian has diabetes yes, it's big in countries where they eat lots of rice, like india and china. wonderful video ty i was pre diabetic , very slight , i quit all carbs , gluten , it went back to normal carbs are death plant based diet ? i'm a rn and didn't know this about obese people i wish you didn't put all carbs in the same category... they are not all created equal, and they don't all spike pancreatic insulin secretion after being consumed. as i recall, doctors do not have to take more than one nutrition course in their entire careers... (in some states, not even one). this woman has obviously never taken a basic biochemistry class. we do need carbs and it is our main source of energy. research? just listen to what she has to say. a real world doctor with real world patients sharing real results is much more credible than some dude in a lab. *keto diet, excuse my error eric k listen eric, that is not the point. the point is that carbohydrates should be the main source of energy not fat. also new researcg shows that high levels of fat in certain cells can interfere with enzymes that are involve in the process of up taking blood glucose. there is no need to get personal or upset. just do the research and make sure you know every side. this research is new and articles come out everyday. this diet she claims to be great is the key diet which doesn't have the best long term affects. did she say not to eat green vegetables? you know, as the biochemistry expert, you should know that they don't spike blood sugar. eric k excuse me, not a great, but still a source of carbohydrates. i want some tacos one thing she fails to inform people with is that not all carbs are equal. a bowl of pasta is not the same kind of carb as a raw fruit salad!!! fruits are \"simple sugars\". what did adam and eve eat? simple sugars!! just pick it and eat it!! pasta, rice, breads, are \"complexed carbs\" and not as easily broken down. they spike the blood sugar. interestingly, meat will raise your blood sugar!!!! people naturally love fruit. we are suppose to eat it with all its natural goodness not found in animal products. vegetables are filled with nutrition if not overcooked!! cook vegetables too long and you just killed the life force out of them!! if you must, gently steam them and enjoy. this woman does not distinguish the 2 types of carbs!! she blasted a photo of a meal on the screen and it was not a fantastic example of real, living, food!!! eat the complexed carbs sparingly and have fun and health with \"living carbs\".....fruit carbs! pick and eat or have a living salad!! meat is....dead flesh!! i'm not against meat or fish on occasions or rice, bread, and pasta. but, eat what is alive and you will be alive!!! only a small percentage of obese people actually have a medical condition. why didnt she mention that? i float it and i float out. yeah, sugar is great for you. right. coke said so. complete bullshit. rates of heart disease, diabetes, cancer, arthritis, alzheimer's, the need for hip and knee replacements, and a whole host of other maladies would plummet if americans were the correct weight for their height. the medical establishment would shrink by 25% or more. so is her bmi under 25? what?! how did she take it from diet to disease when she's talking about the dietary changes these patients need to make? how is that removing responsibility from the patient? her advice is spot on -- just read all the comments of diabetic patients who made the change she is advocating. bouncedancer read my last reply. oh, you mean she didn't have a perfect body? she looked very healthy to me. no not body shaming just pointing out a lot of professionals give advice but do not show the results in themselves. also she has taken the blame for obesity fromdiet todisease. there by removing the responsibility from the patient.also she is flat out wrong with her advise. bodyshaming, everyone..? i may be mistaken but i didnt see meat on her plates she ate??? i might say, given you, ms, \"obesity doctor\", you know, our type ii diabetic is to blame for their situation. why do you say otherwise? if a diet like you suggest, with minimal carbs and lower insulin, our diet ( those who ate carb diet) are guilty! diabetes was not a problem in china until the recent 20 years, because with prosperity they adopted more of a western diet. so i am suspicious of her talking about chinese food, being high in carbs and therefore making you want to eat more and increase diabetes. plant food is much more than just carbs. for one, they are high in fiber. what does fiber do? it does a lot, but in context of this subject, it regulates sugar into your bloodstream. this is why fruit is recommended, but fruit juice is not for diabetics. the juice is very high in sugar - but when you eat fruit, the fiber regulates it. excellent reply! tony martin she was talking about the american-chinese food. that being a lot of carbs. authentic chinese food is fresh vegetables, fish, roots, seafood, etc. all fresh, none preprocessed. i was raised on it. i know. she clearly stated \" american -chinese food\" sure but why eat it at all if you can get the same nutrients form other foods with less sugar? in the american version of the chinese diet there are very few vegetables. as someone dropping carbs, after looking at 5-6 chinese restaurants, i finally found one where i can get a dish that is primarily vegetables, not meat or fried meats covered in a sugary sauce i.e. lemon or sesame chicken. it's hard to find americanized chinese food that is healthy. i am a type 2 diabetic and i am getting sick and tired of hearing that big pharma is making 245 million dollars a year on all your testing supplies to manage your diabetes. to me what i figured out is type 2 diabetes is cosmetic disease to big pharma and the doctors. so basically they don't care about treating it they would rather prolong it and manage it. and that is fucking bullshit. well done. i enjoyed the real stuff in this video. i respect and salute sarah hallberg. i believe low carb is the best way. watch 'what the health' on netflix it's amazing and gives lots of information on diabetes. michele this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet. baccaratfitness everything in that film is backed by science. you are the one who is misinformed. also this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet dylan this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet unfortunately, it's almost pure hollywood bollocks. i suspect we will never know the truth about food because from a scientific perspective the experiments are very complicated to be declared 100% valid, and each reaction to anything is always to a certain extent subjective. take the graph she's showing in this video, my curves can be almost totally different from yours. a lot of misinformation too. i just love all the experts in these comments. god i wish my wife would listen to this and commit to it. she's type 2 diabetic. keto keto keto. the end. dear god, uh, i mean trumpf, please get rid of all the troll idiots who think they know better than this woman. it's easier to just get rid of all the diabetics. freaking food addicted whiners... -trump is she serious? we need carbohydrates for energy, especially those of us who are not overweight or obese. if i were to eat little to no carbs, i would be forcing my body to use fat and protein as its main source of energy. if i am at a low body fat percentage, my body has no choice but to feed off of protein, which is practically starvation mode. and if i were trying to avoid that by eating high amounts of fat, i'm going to be clogging up my arteries which will increase my risk for disease. feed yourself live, and you will receive life. eat your fruits, veggies, nuts, and seeds, lovely people! maybe she means simple carbs vs. complex carbs? reversing type 2 diabetes starts with losing weight. don't believe me? ask your doctor. don't billions of asian eat tons of rice ...and are the thinnest people when is john/jane q. public going to learn that uncle sam is kind of like that creepy uncle in the family that no one leaves the kids with??!! lol!\nthey also said that nuclear radiation was safe and so many other lies they have told us are seeing the light of day\nnow i don't understand why there is no revolution yet! she sounds like samantha b omg totally! i am from crete greece. my ancestors for more than 3000 years they used to eat a lot carbs, olive oil, dairy products and drink even wine or tsipuro. this diet today called mediterranean diet and isn't something new.\nwe have life expectancy almost to 90 years old and most of our elders are strong as bulls and full of energy.\ndoesn't mater what you eat (most of times) but the quality of what you eat and how you eat it. thanks for that! we call it \"regime cretois\" over here in france, and it is considered as the healthiest food diet ever. i love what she's saying but i lost weight when i had a modest flow of carbs coupled with exercise. i eat this way and my hdl (good cholesterol) is over 200. my pcp made the lab rerun the test. thanks! doc that was spot on. obrsity is not a disease. diabetes can be.. insulin resistance is generally about diet choices or lack of choices. there is too much high glycemic index foods that are too available. period. ultimately it is a large corporation marketing ploy that is coupled with the powers that be. can you eat beans appreciate that it's not a cure, but a logical approach for reversal.....you're still a diabetic, you still have carb problems\ntried this for 48 hours and it worked....going to give it a month the pastured cattle eat grass and drink water they never seem to be sick maybe we should try that diet she stated, \"there is a lot of money to be made by keeping you sick.\" very true. last widely accepted prejudice for being fat - sure, in your circle . that totally different than the same circle wanna shove it to the rest of the humanity - this one does not make it to top 10 or top 25. raising awareness about carbs is a good start, but it falls short of tackling the most specific detriments to american health. mega-food corporations have done a great job of diverting our attention away from the real reason processed food in the u.s. causes health problems unseen in other developed countries that also have a high consumption of processed foods. unless you and your colleagues start addressing the issue of american preservatives, we are going to continues suffering the ill effects of poor nutrition. i had to stop watching after 5 minutes. is sue tellling over a billion asians to stop eating rice or they'll all for diabetes? indians eat a lot of dairy. dairy consumption is linked to type 2 diabetes. east asians eat rice in moderation, that's why they are healthy. indians, especially the ones in the south eat mostly carbs. diabetes is a serious problem in india and other countries where they eat a lot of rice. no. as if a low carb diet is sustainable? many will end up overeating high carb food due to the deprivation. this sounds good on paper, but it is a cause of overeating and weight gain in the long run.\nwe need to stop prescribing restriction. we are not addressing the real causes of overeating or food induced disease. just say no would have worked a long time ago.\ncheck out harriet brown body of truth or body respect by linda bacon phd. this is bullshit. diebeties is not caused by too much carbs. you need to look further in to the fat plays. flat inhibits the sugars escorted by insulin in to the cell. carbohydrates are essential. it's fat that is not essential. carbs are energy. also over 85% of the macronutrients in say a cucumber is carbs. so are you saying you need to drop veggies? you are made. stay of the animal products and you will reverse type 2 diabetes. this chick is being paid by an industry for sure.... unless she doesn't understand what a carb truely is. this was excellent. not cures but resolutions! i'll live by that now and forever watch \"what the health\" on netflix or find it on the web. see and hear for yourself the truth this lady is straight up lying! the recommended amount of daily carbs for people with type 2 diabetes is 50g, not 50g per meal. and due to diabates i am getting thinner and weaker , not fatty ....my case is different why to eat fat , when fat is the only cause of insulin resistance , fats embeds into the muscle cells , resulting in insulin resist. glad she called out dr oz well, i guess one has to make exagerated and dramatic statements to get more views --- so, the question is -- are able to reverse your type 2 diabetes? if you follow the guidelines to prevent type2 diabetes -- you do not have to reverse anything , right? ah... not all chinese food is eaten with rice --- have you been to a cinese vegan restaurant? so okay, you're excused --- it's maybe the fault of your creator, right? it's all your fault do not make excuses and accept that it's your doing -- you did not do the guidelines to prevent diabetis type 2 -- that's why it's separate for those born with it -- it's called diabetes type 1 -- type 2 diabetes never has been and never will be caused by carbohydrate intake. t2dm and insulin resistance that goes hand-in-hand with it, is due to high levels of intramyocellular lipds that block the channels for insulin to transport carbohydrates into the body's cells, thus leading to a constant state of hyperglycaemia.\ntime after time, and study after study consistently show undeniable evidence (and not anecdotal evidence) that a plant-based/vegan diet that is high in complex carbohydrate and low in saturated/trans fat can reverse and often eliminate insulin resistance, thus greatly improving and sometimes completely eliminating type 2 diabetes.\nthe american diabetes association, along with other diabetes associations around the world, continue to promote the inclusion of meat and dairy based foods in those with t2dm. the financial sponsorships between medical associations, governments and food manufacturers is also undeniable and plain for everyone to see.\nmore people are moving towards a plant-based way of eating every year, and i applaud the tireless work of people like dr neal bernard, dr michael greger, dr colin t campbell and many others around the world in the promotion and education of plant-based diets. it is a change that the people of this planet need to make to avoid further catastrophic health, environmental and financial effects in the future. no grains, legumes, nuts, seeds, fruit or vegetables will eliminate many diseases including cancers and inflammatory diseases. fatty meat only & eggs & fish are perfect. she should listen to neal barnard and learn some real medicine her fake walking irritated me no esta demostrado que una dieta sea mas importante que otras , sea baja en grasas o sea dieta cetogenica o hipocalorica balanceadas, todas sirven si logramos disminuir el peso. el quid de esta cuestion es bajar de peso y eso se logra con entrenamientos para largo plazo. lo otro es el ejercicio , como factor ayudante independiente siempre y cuando no nos ralentice el metabolismo como ocurrio con los participantes de el reality aquel. this woman is insane i am battling low dropping tsh thyroid level a distant cousin of diabetes condition wrong. so many failed on high carb diet because they would load their potato with butter and cream.. fat blocks insulin from getting glucose into cells.. with so much fat, insulin spikes much more. so cut the carbs? no, realize how much fat you're eating.. 200 calories of fat is 2 tbl of oil or nut butter, 7 walnuts.\nthere's a doctor from the 50's curing type 2 diabetes with white rice and white sugar.. 100% of patients..\nted talks are becoming bullshit.. adam sud no he isn't henry toles ignorance henry toles, you are 100% correct. u carl meade i plant based diet is the way to go...carbs from plants!!!! i've kept my 250-pound loss off for four years with low-carb/keto. what a journey! and yes i liked myself. american diet is the problem....the food pyramid is based on what people can afford, not what we really need. like we really are gonna eat 25 grams of fiber a day...what a joke. digestive enzymes are weaker as we age, get them at the store, she is so stupid. i never said sth like this before on the internet but this was too much. it begun so promissing. \" the problem is insulin resistance\" and then instead of saying how to stop the insulin rezistance( which is fat inside the cell) she sais to stop eating carbs. carbs are not the problem...insulin resistance is. for those of you actually interested check out dr. neal bernards talk at tedx love it... she is behind the current documentation regarding diabetes and diet. excuse me but eating fat is very unhealthy!!! wfpbno is the way to reverse type 2 diabetes..... anither conspiracy theorist... hell safe i guess deeply brilliaot letter i'd love to see some research about how fibre impacts insulin levels. from a type 1 diabetic vegan \"stop using medicine to treat food.\" that is the best quote ever! thanks! go keto!!! my dad is a type 2 diabetic, if i would ask him to cut to 0 carbs, does that mean he has to cut off vegetables and fruits? no - take a look at the ketogenic diet. they recommend 20g of carbs a day. get the carbs from veggies like cauliflower and broccoli - no breads. this diet or way of eating is super awesome. moderate protein, high fat - low low carbs.... awesome results. give it a try. the chinese eat rice...the italians eat pasta. the french eat white bread... yet they are the lowest levels of diabetes in the world. diabetes is linked to sugar.... look at the countries that have high intake of sugar... america...europe.. australia..... believe me... get rid of sugar. i think a lot of people are miss representing what she is saying. no where in this talk did she say that you have to eat meat. there are many fats that come from veggies. secondly you can eat a ton of veggies and still have it represent only a small part of your total caloric intake. most diets will tell you to count your calories with the exception of fresh green veggies because they have such a low caloric impact. this includes spinach, broccoli, asparagus, green beans, and lots of other things. why don't you recommend a physically active lifestyle? both a high carb and low car diet is good for you. what you dont want is carbs and fat together, that is a big no no. for some reason, carbs and fat dont mix well with each other, but when you eat them separately from each other, so a high fat low carb diet or a high carb low fat diet, then you will be fine. also, it cant just be any fat or sugar. fat from animals are great(the best actually), and sugar from fruit are great. cocunut oil is considered a saturated fat too, so eat up. i don't know if that's true, but you're the smart one here because you want specialized diets for certain people, i couldn't sustain a low carb diet and expect to run 120 miles a week. but a person who does no physical excersise will likely find more success with the low carbs absolutely correct! i'm surprised you're still alive thank you dr. sarah for lighting this up. cutting carbs will works well for both type 2 diabetes and obesity, as well as for those who wants smaller waist. i'm a skinny person, but few years ago my waistline was growing bigger due to excessive amount of rice that i ate in order to gain weight, but it ended up making the tummy bigger. i started exercising daily but the fat wont go because i ate the same amount of carbs. when i started to cut down the portion of my rice, the waistline is significantly reduced just in a matter of few weeks, and no heavy exercise involved. so, the bottomline, just cut the carbs. it's tasty but it really is not good for you when it's too much. christian zam- gar could not be more wrong. he also should avoid giving erroneous healthcare info, but he sounds like he has a strong bias, and probably has financial reasons for his bias. this diet is perfectly healthy, and sustainable unlike a strict plant based diet where it is hard to obtain all the essential amino acids and fats. also see my response to him if you want more detail. i wish someone told me that. i have been low carb since the 90's and my weight has come down and remained stable, a1c has not been an issue since 1998, no more statins, bp meds, and i was only in my 30's then. the sad thing is i was an endurance athlete who ate a higher carb load because i was led to believe i needed it, and i ended up on the verge of dm, hypertension and high cholesterol. now, well into my 50s, i have learned to avoid doctors and any mainstream research, it is only intended to support a pharmaceutical or treatment goal that seeks to benefit pharma and mds.\nmy concern with your comment is that it is not responsible to try to give someone medical advice without knowing them. and it is difficult getting essential fatty acids, and energy requirements met with a strict plant based diet. in human evolution there was a reason humans brain capacity grew, it was fats, and proteins, not obtained in plants. there, there is some unsubstantiated info, just like your, but i do not seek to mislead someone into what may not be healthy for them.\nthanks for you bias. christian zamora-garcia yes. thank you very much. look at the keto diet... dr. berg is good... there is some good information that goes along with this from the ictm doctors here: fat is also a poverty problem. it's nearly impossible to eat well when you do not make enough to eat fresh food that you have to cook yourself. oh, i forgot to add, i believed it the mindset like insulin is a screwball it just makes fat for you to get diabetes is the root of the \"comptempt towards the body, so they power saw into the chest for bypass, staple your stomach and cut out your intestine etc.\nactually coming down with diabetes is a natural adaptation to obesity, it will result in spontaneous healing, since resistance to insulin will prevent you from getting any glucose, fatty acid, and protein, so you automatically go into burning your body fat by the liver through beta oxidation and when you lose the weight, the resistance will be gone !!!, losing 5-7% of body weight research by cdc prevents diabetes. losing 10%, my diabetics reversed their diabetes. this woman is a quack. how in the world does a physician recommend eating a high fat diet. i wonder how long it will be until her patients start dropping dead from heart attacks. it looks like she could shed a few layers of fat from her body. look at dr. esselstyn, dr. campbell and dr. benard. specimens of good health. and they are more than double her age. sooooo....why don't the okinawans have massive amounts of carb toxicity? they eat a shit load of rice... carbs don't cause diabetes. fat does. read 'the starch solution' & don't listen to this loony toons lady. interesting advice overall, but i have three issues i would like to see addressed at some point: 1) it would be really nice to have some examples of the fats she had her patients put in to replace the carbs. (i know, there is limited time and it may be more than they could reasonably cram into one presentation.) 2) the foods she does show involve really expensive ingredients like coconut flour. while she did say that you would save a great deal on your insulin, i'm not sure that helps you pay for food if medicaid is covering your meds (i do not know, as this is outside my personal experience). but the cost would definitely be an issue if you are poor and have a family history of diabetes, and would like to prevent the disease from developing in the first place. 3) i was under the impression that things like pasta and potatoes were still staples in our diet due to cultural heritage (irish and/or scottish, italian, etc.), and things like the great depression still being embedded in our societal memory. talk, talk. and yet carbs and more specifically glucose is what feeds the brain. the longest lived people got 69% of their calories from sweet potatoes. the okinawans. this is 100% correct!!!!! great info...thanks for posting the medical industry (as a profit making machine) is not interested in helping people maintain their health. you are the best doctor in the world! i awarded you a grammy award! okay so no carbs or you will become diabetic, no meat or you will get heart disease and cancer. well, broccoli and sprouts it is sugar has killed more people than opioid drugs, why won't people take sugar addiction seriously ? one reason is that the typical supermarket aisle offers primarily carbohydrates in many different flavors, colors, and consistencies. it is hard to reverse an addiction, and hard to reverse a part of society. @@freedomoctopus - when you are young and healthy you can easily burn off sugar, but it later becomes harder and harder - this is my personal experience. @freedomoctopus - it's caused by the overconsumption of sugar - we are talking about diabetes type 2. actually everybody i know with this disease overly loved / loves sweets. @verma please explain @freedomoctopus are you sure? she works at purdue. that's an hour north of eli lilly, which makes a fortune selling insulin. are there still people who trust the ama? pork rinds are a great snack! she makes so much sense. it just shows you how we have been lied to by so many corporate influences for our whole life. i didn't know we could live without carbs. early man ate fruits, nuts and meat with fat. they didn't really eat grains till farming was the norm, still no \"refined sugar\", let alone high fructose corn syrup which is in everything you buy. i only take 60 units max insulin a day, but i love my carbs. wow. i just found out tonight that vanadium and chromium (2 minerals) can really help with diabetes also. i know if i take a little chromium pill (when i can remember) i always end up with low blood sugar! maybe there is hope. our government and the usda food recommendations which promote the american farmer and pharmaceuticals is killing us! don't think i totally agree it worked for me. i lost 45 pounds and have normal a1c again. did you check the side effects of afrezza? if it were myself i'd rather do a lifestyle food and exercise change with no side effects. \" i would also stay away from high lectin plants. see \"plant paradox\"\"\nstay away from the plant paradox. the lectins we normally get in a plant-based diet aren't harmful. nudnick thanks. man. christian zamora-garcia low carb is not low plant and especially not only meat. where do you get that info? who would have thought?!? don't eat shitty food and exercise?!? novel concept. i have been no grain & gluten free for almost 4 yrs & eat fat & proteins & real food including fruit. i am low sugar intake (found 100% sugar free difficult after 4 strict months). this is under the direction of an m.d. who does not take insurance bc she follows alternative treatments like this talk is recommending.the hardest thing about dealing with this is other people in my life, my family, my friends, and anybody else i interact with when i am just trying to eat the way i eat without even really discussing it with them --but they watch what you eat at a party or see what you order in a restaurant etc. people who know nothing about nutrition or medical conditions criticize you if you stray from the standard american diet. restaurant eating is very difficult. my ldl cholesterol is very low and my hdl cholesterol is higher than the guidelines! a lot of my problems caused by inflammation have disappeared such as joint pain, headache etc. and my new ibs is kept away when i stay away from grains and gluten too...i feel great! christine montano christine montano your diet sounds great! however i feel the need to correct 1 major misconception. it's not that your dr doesn't accept any insurance, it's that the insurance co will not cover your alternative med doctor. hmmm...so what can i eat. now i am thinner than a wafer. blaming insulin for the obesity epidemic is like blaming the bullet for a murder. the excess insulin comes from overconsumption of carbohydrates. it doesn't appear magically like a ghost stalking its victim. so if a 26 year old who is planning on bariatric surgery without type 2 dm, is his problem really hormonal and not self-control? especially when the patient states, \"i can't control my eating.\" eat more fat , would that clog your arteries dcd animal protein is recycled protein and is not healthy for us to consume. all protein comes from plants sir and meat eaters have more deficiencies than vegans do. dcd no it won't. bamcameback this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet santiago nigro this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet dcd this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet i like how fast she talks! but it took a lot of concentration to listen to this. steve novella, md is a miserable \"skeptic\" \"doctor\" who is calling low-carb and ketogenic diets bs pseudo-scientific fad diets, check his \"the skeptics guide\" podcast episode no. 523 (june 17, 2017): theskepticsguide. org/podcast/sgu/623\nalso their forum posts on that episode: sguforums. com/index.php/topic,48825.0.html back in oct 2016, when challenged by my doctor's assistant/nurse practitioner that i will need to get on the meds \"no matter what\" after my hba1c results were 7.5, i bit the bullet and went on almost no carbs from cereals/potatoes and no sugar. lost 20 lbs and dropped hba1c to 6.1 three months later, and stabilized the weight after further dropping 5 more lbs and dropping hba1c to 5.9 in may 2017. hoping to take it below 5.5 by oct 2017. i thank the nurse practitioner for the words \"no matter what\". what a load of shit, you either have diabetes or you don't!!! how old do you got to be to die of natural causes people would understand the concept so much more if \"insulin resistance\" was actually called what it is \"excess insulin\". i need to lose weight, i am about 35 pounds over weight. most day i eat very little, but my biggest problem is eating at night. i graze. my family suffers from diabetes, so far, i am lucky, my blood sugar level is within normal range. but higher than they should be. why do plant based high carb low fat eaters loose weight, and reverse type 2 diabetes then? i'm never following this low carb mainstream crap. the issue is fat and protein. i was weak, and got so many headaches when i was on a keto diet. now i'm low fat high carb vegan i have buckets of energy and have lost weight. the foods that slow down blood sugar spikes are proteins, fats and fiber. did you see doctors reporting that their vegan diabetic patients had poorer blood control than people who followed the recommendations in this talk? excellent info of which i am grateful. this is an intelligent lady but as ever with a lot of the american females it's looks like ted have tried to prep her for this presentation style which is becoming irritating. sarah be yourself, as what you have to say is groundbreaking. hummingbirds n bees can live off sugars, most other animals bodies are not made to run on sugars therefore the cells will only take in so much and then reject it. ta da. the fact that fasting cures diabetes has been known for close to 100 years! one of the most famous diabetologists in the history of the world dr. elliot joslin wrote about it in the canadian medical association journal in 1916! in fact, he thought that it was so obvious that fasting was helpful that studies would not even be necessary. this, from the guy that harvard university used to name its world famous joslin center for diabetes.\nwhat happened to joslin and fasting for diabetes? well, back then, medical science had not yet distinguished type 1 and type 2 diabetes back then. fasting is not useful for type 1, and type 2 was still quite unusual back then. after the discovery of insulin in the early 1920's, all the focus turned to it as the 'cure' for diabetes. while it was a major advance for type 1, it was not quite the panacea for type 2s. however, most of the interest in fasting disappeared as doctors focused on what would be their mantra for the next century drugs, drugs, drugs. all types of dietary therapy fell into disrepute, since they were really not useful in type 1 diabetes, and have stayed there ever since.\nthe effect of wartime starvation on t2d also obviously highlights the effect of reducing food consumption on diabetes. during both world wars, the mortality from diabetes dropped precipitously. in the interwar period, as people went back to their accustomed eating habits, it went back up. this, of course is quite easy to understand. since t2d is essentially a disease of excessive sugar in the body, reducing intake of sugars and carbohydrates should cause less disease. i also got rid of diabetes by cutting sugar and wheat products for six months. after that i found out that my diabetes was gone and that i'd also reset my hypothyroidism. quack quack you jumped around talking about the diet that is best. why not tell us more about what to eat? some fats are harmful so what fats are good? i guess i will find out for myself. plants/fruits are your friends, best friends! grains are bad, they are mycotoxins yeah!!! i love diabetic neuropathy!!!!!!!!!! intermittent fasting = increase insulin sensitivity great presentation!\nthanks not everyone does well on a low-carb diet...if your body is stressed it will be a lot harder to adapt and could stress you out more trying to get there. you may end up with adrenal fatigue like i did. no fun!!!there is no substitute for common sense. if you feel like crap, something is not going well. yanking carbs out of your diet suddenly can do more harm than good. if you are trying to heal your body, slow and steady wins the race. but yes...eating carrots is a lot better than eating corn chips. like a million times better. i died after trying your method. thanks a lot! can you explain how?. i have been doing this diet several years and it has helped me control my diabetes and greatly improved my life. are all grains useless, according to this understanding? what about the \"quinoa, bulgur (cracked wheat), whole rye, whole-grain barley, wild rice and buckwheat\" that are given the thumbs up by michael mosley's blood sugar diet? carbs aren't the problem, three meals a day and snacks are the problem. historically humans never ate nearly as often as we do today. i eat one meal a day and i've lost over 65 pounds in ten months with only that one change. i eat whatever i want, just once a day. easier than you think. $250 billion a year is why the ada makes no mention that t2d is reversible. just watched another ted talk said that reason people cant get sugar out of blood is because of the fats and solution to diabetes is carbs sounds like she read the books of jason fung.\nor watched his (many) lectures here on youtube.\ndo not judge before watching some of his lectures (some are quite long).\nshe is right by the way, but she doesn't back up her story with a lot of scientific evidence or good explanations. jason fung does. bravo. how come china and japan had no diabetes,obesity,rheumatoid arthritis etc,before 1950's when they started to change their diet to the western one? they ate mainly rice,with vegetables and a few fish.eating fat is crazy,sorry,you're completely wrong on that. this is true, i've struggled with weight on calorie controlled diets, and got fatter in the long run. there are good carbs and really bad carbs. i'm diabetic and feel so much better eating high fat low carb diet. my hunger pangs become non existent on low c. if ineat high carbs i feel sick, tired, aggressive, heavy periods, depressed. have frequent episodes of severe binging. processed toxic food is killing people. i find 50 carbs or less a perfect number for me. the only thing with this is grains, carb fruits, potatoes were blessed by god as food so they aren't completely evil lol! people... this young lady is an angel on earth! i'm passing this message around to those that i know suffering from this awful disease. god bless you and may he keep you protected and prosperous to continue your ministry. [subscribing] that's the problem i've had with all the diabetes advice including experts, non-md \"diabetes therapists\", and huge amounts of faux advice; lots of opinion, vague theories, little cause and effect correlations, questionable / variable measuring device results, no consistent meal guidelines, too many variables to manage, etc.\ni have no problem maintaining a low carb/sugar diet but i really don't want to loss weight and don't find eating huge quantities just to keep the cal. count high enough to maintain my weight acceptable. this does have some good information, but also some misinformation as well. the trouble is that the western diet is laden with sugar and fat, and some other components we don't completely understand. one observation is that what we find in type 2 diabetics is infiltration of inflammatory macrophages in insulin sensitive tissues such as fat and muscle. these particular macrophages seem to be activated by fats. the question is what kind of fats? one clue is that most of our dietary fats these days are highly purified (thousands of times more per unit volume) plant oils and fats. we could ask, were humans designed to eat highly purified plant fats to the extent we do now days? if we evolved as omnivores, what would the majority of our dietary fat come from, animal or plant derived? \"everything you eat is either a carbohydrate a protein or a fat.\" - false. fiber is on the opposite side of every illness, diabetes included. yes, so basic and universal. some refer to net carbs being the difference between total carbs and total fiber. this is a fantastic talk. i don't have diabetes but thanks anyway. she's actually quite clever ... what planet fitness is ... i bet she gets a lot of patients with this outwardly blaming, enabling, participation-trophy, disdainful, judgmental approach. wonder if she gives free pizza and candy \"once in a while\". she is too emotional and it gets so annoying because she is repeating herself most of the time. the emotion gives the impression that what she is repeating is important where as nothing new is really learned. man she can talk amazing!!!\ni had never seen this video, but you are so right !!!!!!\ni've been a diabetic 31 years.\nnever heard this information so well put , all in one video.\nyou are a good nutritionist and teacher.\nthank you and god bless.\nkeep doing what you do\nbest, saving lives.\npeace and love. thank you for this information! uh oh. great advice if you wish to trade diabetes for heart disease. fats interfere with insulin sensitivity, by reducing fats and including slow-absorbing carbs from whole plant foods, insulin sensitivity goes up and blood sugar, down. my a1c went from 6.0 to 5.5 when i went whole food vegggie diet after a long term meaty diet with lots of fats. you can't eat crap carbs, but healthy carbs is working fine for me so long as i don't eat the fats and animal proteins. animal protein spikes insulin, and can double the sugar spike, like having spaghetti and meatballs, or macaroni and cheese. the plain pasta cooked al dente in moderate amounts does not raise blood sugar. eat fat? tastes great, very satisfying, and utterly deadly for arteries, as well as plugging up insulin receptors. and it makes the blood and artery walls sticky so things adhere and burrow underneath, things like oxidized ldl, which creates plaque. it is very risky to eat oils other than the natural contents inside whole foods. once extracted from their host foods, and added into the diet, they become deadly. if you are to do this, be sure you have some supplementation to create nitric oxide so your arteries stay smooth and can dilate in spite of the paralyzing effects of the oils in your blood from this diet! even then, it is a big big risk. i was glad that she mentioned that insulin's inability to unlock the cells insulin receptors caused insulin to pile up in the blood stream, but she should have mentioned why it failed to unlock the receptors. chromium and vanadium dependant chemicals are what unlock the pathways for glucose to enter the cell when insulin triggers the insulin receptors. without a sufficient amount of these essential minerals your cells can't open the pathways, making glucose and insulin pile up in your body. our farmland is so \"over farmed\" without putting minerals back in to the soil that we are chronically deficient in 92 different essential minerals which cause many more problems than just insulin or glucose being insufficiently absorbed or transferred in and out of the cells. in world history the advent of commercial farming was the starting point of thousands of diseases. in the same logical reasoning, if you try to build a car engine using only 70% of the necessary parts, is it going to run? in addition to eating a better you should replace normal processed table salt, which is full of silicates that look like crushed glass under a microscope and replace it with sea salt or mined salt like himalayan salt, which are full of naturally occurring trace minerals. good luck. your tutorial is personal to me. i am 41 years and some five to six months ago after watching this i stopped eating bread, rice and all carbohydrates. my body was itchy and was feeling heavy. i bought a blender and i mix all sorts of vegetables and fruits in there and have two boiled eggs per day. guess what five months later i have tonnes of energy. sometimes i feel like running as if i am a small boy. lots of confidence too because i have lost lots of weight. god bless you. she said we needed 0 carbs a day?... our brain legit feast on carbs finally... this needs to get into the mainstream like 50 years ago what's unhealthy on this type of diet? i'm often a vegan. the times i'm not are whenever i eat sardines, chicken, beef, venison, rabbit, duck, pork... most vegans eat a very unhealthy diet i was on a vegan diet for 4 years and it was *so* hard to not gain more weight. i ate the same type of food as my skinny husband but couldn't stop eating salad when the hypoglycemia hit and i starved. after the discovery of keto i lost 20kg in a year - after 30 years of obesity, diets, hunger, suffering and blame. my husband is still happily vegan. so, it's clear to me what the truth is. christian zamora-garcia - there where no vegetarians in the stone age sir. go look at the teeth of cavemen. they are worn down from using them as a vice or clamp. not from being rotted away by sugar. bread, rice and potatoes are sugar. the most dangerous place on earth for a modern human is a grocery store. and doctors only serve interests of pharmaceutical companies that seek to sell as much insulin as possible. in countries with free healthcare (russia, central asia, etc) it's recommended to completely exclude carbohydrates from the diet in case of diabetes. yammer yammer yammer. get to it somewhere to the beginning of the video. the money is in the sickness, not the cure...sad! i am a busy professional and just eat mostly protein, with lots of fruits and veggies and go to my fave gym equinox in nyc! several times a week and it seems to be a simple formula to keep me fit and healthy! thank you sarah for this fantastic message which i have shared on my facebook page in the hopes that many of my family & friends who are obese & diabetic may take up the lchf way of eating which has helped me immensely. this is fabulous!!! . . . i've been on the wheat belly way of eating since oct. 2015 and drastically reduced my need for diabetic meds. that night at my doc apptmt, she was ready to give me a script for injections because...\"diet, exercise, and meds aren't cutting it anymore!\" ugh!!! i'd been reading about the success dr. william davis had with his patients [and his own way of eating!] and committed for one month. i had asked my doc for a 3-month stay-of-execution! within 3 months, my a1c went from 10.9 to 7.1, then 6.9 and lowering slowly. i only take one med if i need it...checking blood sugars often!\ni'm glad that dr. davis suggested this \"tedx talk\" in one of his fb posts . . . this is exactly what i need to do! that little extra help to completely be rid of all diabetic meds!!!\nvisit virta's website for testimonials and other information. btw, they also take insurances like permanente and humana!!!\nhttps://www.virtahealth.com\nall the best, folks!!! but think of all the money your poor doctor is losing because you were able to cure yourself.\nevery time you hear the word healthcare, change it to sick care, especially whey it comes to type 2 diabetes. they don't want to cure you. they want to manage your illness. sounds about right, someone making sense of this reversed my diabetes after following advice from dr roy taylor from newcastle universty united kingdom went on a diet and lost a stone and diabetes had gone! thank god. i good if i could've put up with her voice id have watched it all! christian zamora-garcia i was vegan for 6 months. it worsened my diabetes and i ended up with neuropathy which i didn't have before bruce lee this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet paintbrush 1962 this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet kimberley benner this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet bread sandwich this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet guess what...i followed her diet for 2 years....i lost 16 inches from my waist... more than a hundred pounds....and reversed prediabetes. this shit works people obesity can be a disease...or it can be lack of self control. she is talking shite. so i guess dr mcdougalls program doesnt work? she's basically advocating a ketogenic diet (high fat, moderate protein, low carb).... ketogenic diets have been successful for many people, but, as with any diet, it depends on the individual. eating mcdonald's while watching this amazing video! loved it! the \"root cause of diabetes\" is animal fat, not carbohydrates. despite the fact that sugar is nothing but empty calories and not generally considered part of a healthy diet, the high amount of fat found in meat, chicken, fish and dairy is far more responsible not only for diabetes and other major diseases, but for overall health as well. a high carbohydrate, low fat plant based diet plays a major role in the prevention of disease. a man with diabetes was able to cut his meds and his insulin in half, and, after a year on a, high starch,, plant based diet. doctors consider eating meat to be as dangerous as smoking in increasing the chances of contracting diseases like diabetes. the daily consumption of animal products summons up bacteria that exist in carnadeens that create molecules that drive cholesterol into artery walls which is why low carb diets are setting up people for an epidemic of clogged arteries, colon cancer, and autoimmune diseases. sarah..ahah :) i always dislike it when people talk about \"carbs\" because not all carbohydrates are the same. i could be wrong but i suspect that people who ate comparatively large amounts of low glycemic index complex carbohydrates could have similar improvements to insulin resistance.\nmaybe i'm wrong but i would suspect that eating moderate amounts of foods like chickpeas and lentils would give you the carbohydrates you \"need\" without the same insulin spike that other foods would. no offence but it's just random ramblings heard it all before try listening to eric berg much better! o my goodness i love this talk!!!! it agrees with all my research and beliefs! as a type 1 diabetic i know this is so true! thanks for sharing! yes, do not need to worry about cholesterol and blocked arteries; just eat fat and have no diabetes and eventually have a massive heart attack with all the arteries blocked. towhid khan hmm hmm hmm what's wrong with taking carbs with fats.wouldnt it lower the spike? hmm .she is saying opposite to most of the key drs in nutrition like dr t. colin campbell, dr neal barnard, dr mcdougall. how about fruit? do you not eat any fruit? cutting all the sugars/carbs seems quite impossible re: blood sugar (bs) monitoring. i was shocked to learn gps only test bs once per year. even when one is showing a rising bs level. interventions need to start long before this. thanks for sharing i think she was looking a old data. she never mentioned why insulin is not going into the cell. hum. i started following this diet on february 22, 2017. my a1-c at the time was 6.6. since then, i have lost 36 pounds and at my last doctors appointment on may 23, 2017, my a1-c is now 5.4. it's the easiest diet to follow. cut the carbs people! in a few months, i will no longer be clinically diabetic! in conclusion , no more rice for me ! i gave my yorkie too much fat and protein one thanksgiving week and she got acute pancreatitis, got diabetes, and went blind. i got her eyes fixed, but she still has to have insulin (vetsulin) daily. can dogs see diabetes reversal? is there any discussion about helping reverse animal diabetes? thanks for your information, i was just told i am pre-diabetic for the second time in 21/2 years. none of my doctors want to sit down and discuss options with me to prevent it from turning into diabetes they will not even talk to me about it. one doctor did give me metformin and all it did was make me very sick. okay, cut the carbs, but there was really no discussion on the diet. not much help. it seems that she is right but also wrong. it is never so black and white. how? well, after reading through the comment battleground i felt the need to do some light research. a systematic review evaluating research from 2017 by snorgaard et al. in the bmj under open diabetes research & care:\n\"we identified 10 randomized trials comprising 1376 participants in total. in the first year of intervention, lcd was followed by a 0.34% lower hba1c (3.7 mmol/mol) compared with hcd (95% ci 0.06 (0.7 mmol/mol), 0.63 (6.9 mmol/mol)). the greater the carbohydrate restriction, the greater the glucose-lowering effect (r=-0.85, p<0.01). at 1 year or later, however, hba1c was similar in the 2 diet groups. the effect of the 2 types of diet on bmi/body weight, ldl cholesterol, qol, and attrition rate was similar throughout interventions.\" (snorgaard et al., 2017)\nconclusion: low to moderate carbohydrate diets have greater effect on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes compared with high-carbohydrate diets in the first year of intervention. the greater the carbohydrate restriction, the greater glucose lowering, a relationship that has not been demonstrated earlier. apart from this lowering of hba1c over the short term, there is no superiority of low-carbohydrate diets in terms of glycemic control, weight, or ldl cholesterol(snorgaard et al., 2017).\nso, basically the rule of thumb is how healthy the diet is and how much it helps you lose weight. the benefit of this diet is that if you can get your weight down while eating good fats, not saturated ones to feel satisfied then awesome! if healthy low carb does this for you that is great! it is likely a great way to kick off the changes, but by no means is it a long term cure. keeping weight down and a healthy diet high or low carb is the goal.\nmy 2c. came here as a nursing student for answers...had to find my own as usual lol the point she's missing is that a diet full of animal products (fat and protein) is what causes the insulin resistance in the first place. sure, you can eat less sugar if you cannot put it in your cells, but it's better to eliminate what is causing you to be insulin resistant in the first place.\nhttps://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/\ndo yourself a favour and watch this ^ because what she's saying is bs; the reasoning is kinda logical but she's missing the point by trying to control sugar levels rather that actually trying to cure insulin resistance. my dad was type 2, but he eliminated carbs and sugar from his diet and now is diabetes free. :) sugar is the worst, especially hidden sugar found in bread, some pasta and most breakfast cereals. we also need to be more aware of how much sugar is in alcohol. @chokdii true but you will be malnourished. meat has everything you need nutritionally. plants have very little nutrition. i will stick with meat thank you. @richard jackson your correct. only eat fruit with the berry in it. they have the lowest insulin response. @j briggs yesss i wish i could get my dad onto keto. :'( bravo!!!! i liked the video because it hit the root of a huge problem - the misconception of what is food. most people in america consume substances that have very little nutritional value and are outright the opposite of what food really is - supplying nutrients and supplying them in forms that the cells can use.\nif you follow sarah's advise you may end up eating too much unhealthy fats from meat because the combination of low carb/high protein/fat would seem perfect in a meat product. but the problems with eating meat are serious:\n- meat loads the kidneys badly (look at a sample kidney safe diet on the american kidney association website),\n- meat causes the body to have an immune reaction that is identical to the immune reaction to an internal infection,\n- introduces a host of substances used to raise the animal for slaughter\n- animal fat is in fact vastly inferior to plant fats\n- the list does not end here\nso if you cut off grains and meat from your diet you are left with a vegetarian diet. that is the real problem toward having a truly healthy diet: the idea that you should be vegetarian. most people can't see themselves eating strictly vegetarian foods. most people don't see themselves eating meat once a week either. one's mentality is the real issue. it usually has more chances to change under the influence of a life threatening medical news but even that is not a guarantee for a change.\nif you actually give an honest try to a vegetarian diet sprinkled with 1-2 meals a week that contain meat you will see a vast difference in your energy levels, allergy reactions, and overall sense of well being. but can you make that experiment? do you need a professional to \"guide\" you or you can give it an honest try yourself?\nif you actually decide to give it an honest try you will find that you have to eat a lot. that is extremely important and the logistics of that need is too hard for most people to handle. but if you manage to keep up with the experiment you will arrive at a point at which you know how these new eating habits make you feel. which you won't be able to deny bring only positive results. from there on it is a question of changing you mindset to recognize and prefer \"good food\". is crazy i know someone who has advocated zero carbs and increasing fat intake for diabetic patients for 20 years now and even had a patient who was on insulin injections for over 7+ years get taken off insulin in just 3 weeks following a similar eating pattern. also used a similar argument against following those recommended diabetic diets! he called it a \"merry go round\" which set people up to be diabetics for life! was he right! christian you are correct i have seen the plant based diet also work & also seen the drop in blood sugar & weight loss, so there are options! sereana duwai ) christian zamora-garcia: are you just going to copy/paste your remark on everyone's posts with no adjunct references to this 'scientific proof' you keep going on about?? what part of the good doctor's explanation about how insulin works in the body did you not understand? quite a bit of it apparently. cognitive dissonance is real, and it's obviously playing in your head.\ncite what part of this diet is unhealthy! i went from blood sugars that were through the roof to ones that are completely normal, even after i eat. i'm no longer on any meds, and my doctor is both astounded and pleased at what a huuuuuuuge improvement i'm having, across the board.\nmaybe investigate what this way of eating is about and you might find that your assumptions are just that....assumptions! doubt you will though, because ya just can't be wrong.....right? :p sereana duwai this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet i enjoyed and agree with everything said here. the only thing i wish she'd added is that added sugar is a much of a problem. that when people think that they are doing so well by avoiding carbs that there is hidden sugar in things like mayo, canned veggies, even bacon!\nits the added sugar that is truly creating this issues that do happen to be hidden in carb friendly foods asian people eat white rice about everyday usually twice a day. they don't have diabetes....what's going on? watched this talk again - all the way through - again! dr. sarah hallberg is my hero!!! i stated my reasons in an early post as to why she's my hero. please anyone with diabetes especially type 2, please listen to this very intelligent physician. i omitted bread, pasta, rice and potatoes from my diet, and lost 10+ lbs (starting at 155 lbs). i was not trying to lose weight. no grains? you are stupid she speaks truth...on keto diet and my renal function improved....food industry and health care needs to catch up. i been on the keto diet since january and my blood sugar is through the roof..all i eat is green veggies,eggs,chicken,avocado..all i drink is 2 small cups of coffee with stevia in the morning and water for the rest of the day..i am living proof that alot of this shit is bs..when i was drinking 20 beers a day and eating what i wanted i was fine i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes last october. i first viewed this video researching my diabetes at that time. it just made sense to me. i started looking into low carb diets and after 7 months of a high fat, low carb (hflc) diet my endocrinologist has told me i no longer need my medications and she is amazed at how well i controlled my blood sugar levels. the side benefit is a loss of nearly 40 pounds. my high blood pressure has also been reduced dramatically.\na hflc diet has worked for me. i'm off medications, i feel great and i'm still shedding pounds. thanks for pointing me in the right direction sarah. so how is low carb going now, 4 years later? is it still working for you? the main problems people have with low carb diets are constipation, depression, deficiencies if continued too long, and kidney problems including kidney stones and kidney damage from the excess animal protein. most people can't sustain a low carb diet for their entire lives and it is unhealthy as a long-term diet anyway, which makes it a fad diet, unfortunately. a fad diet is any diet that is unsustainable long-term and once you quit the diet, you gain the weight back (and then some). diets cause people to become obese.\nlow carb is unsustainable because nobody wants to never again eat bread, rice, oatmeal, pasta, many carb-rich vegetables and fruits. low carb diets can be successful in the short term (up to a few years) because it is really a disguised low calorie diet. people will lose weight on any low calorie diet...keto, grapefruit diet, carnivore, fruitarian, etc. you can even lose weight by only eating six twinkies a day!\nyou will feel better at first on any fad diet because of the weight loss. a doctor recently did research on himself to see what would happen if he ate 1200 calories of twinkies and nothing else every day. he lost weight, his blood sugar was in control, he had lowered cholesterol, lower blood pressure, etc. but nobody will tell you a twinkie only diet is healthy! maybe you could get away with it for a few weeks or a couple of months even, but you will be unhealthy in the long run if you only eat twinkies. and that's exactly the way keto is too.\nempty calories, refined processed foods, saturated fats...we all know that those things when eaten in excess cause weight gain. whole grains, vegetables, fruits, fish, nuts and seeds are healthy foods and you will never go wrong with eating them. this is common sense. people want to believe there's some magic trick or some secret new and innovative way to lose weight that turns science and nutrition on its head, but there isn't. you already know what a healthy diet looks like. you don't need a guru to tell you what to eat. you don't need another fad diet. never diet! eat for for good health and indulge sometimes, not all the time. it couldn't be any easier. you didn't get back to answer any questions, so are you for real, you'd think you'd love to save the world. but alas, who are you? what happened to your cholesterol levels? great what do your triglycerides count look like? it is not eating problem. it is the environment issue. we're in an industrial era. what i mean is that, we are not doing enough exercise.when we were in agricultural era, we people go out and work at the farm. yes, we're exercising by ourselves. our body use glucose to help our body cells to reproduce new cells. what we need to do is need to obey, and get to know what we're doing. need to understand and control ourselves of eating. dont let desire get over yourself. i think control your desire, it is the biggest issue for diabetes. this reminds me of the time harvard scientists were paid to say sugar good, fat bad. so now we find out they were lying. even after all this time those scientists and maybe even harvard should be held liable. there should not be a statute of limitations for weaking the citizens by making them obese, that's near a national security matter (obese can't fight as well as fit).\nhttps://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/09/13/493739074/50-years-ago-sugar-industry-quietly-paid-scientists-to-point-blame-at-fat&ved=0ahukewjuwymbt-ttahxbocykhc6sdjeqfggcmaa&usg=afqjcnezlbjnfmdv_6la8a3u4axofqy_5g&sig2=wm_o5i1w2jjoccrpboh38q\nsorry if the link does not work. just google harvard sugar study an awakening, slowly. i still remember the ads for snackwells low fat cookies. that, along with diet soda, and somehow i still gained weight (i guess the giant food companies were not looking out for me? how surprising!) she's a fraud. deyna jones\nsorry. what your statement says ? is wrong. she & her audience, get results, so, common-sense says 'she's a success !'\nsimple. sorted. wrong info, your diet will cause more problems. eating dead animals not healthy where have she learned this bullshit??? absolute horrible advise!!!!! 5:35 i eat 200-300g of carbs per meal and i'm skinny af ! she is all bullsh*t. the problem is the fat, not the carbs. americans are the biggest fat eaters on earth, and the population with the most obesity. countries where people eat the most carbs have the leanest populations on earth. no wonder americans are so big if they have such \"doctors\". good job that was good\nyou gotta help yourself cause a 250 billion dollar intrest group is gonna keep flogging you the same old retoric !\ngo girl i hope you can help me. i am just 20 years old but i already have a diabetes. i already lost weight. i wanted to reverse my diabetes and im kind of frustrated right now knowing this. :( genuis!! here is what isn't debatable:\nsugar is poison.\nwheat is unnecessary\nlobbyists create low-fat \"recommendations.\"\ncoconut oil can reverse alzheimer's ( can - not does)\ni have never know a person who followed no sugar/wheat/potatoes/booze and didn't lose weight. \"have never known\" oops amazing when i have been given a diagnosis of diabetes and yet only one a1c and have no comparison. no gtt test. so how did i get this? yet.......yet i got a year's prescription of metformin and sneaked in bp meds for a year when i have white coat syndrome!\nam i happy to find this. thanks and i will relisten again. this doctor says exactly the opposite. whom should we believe?\ntackling diabetes with a bold new dietary approach: neal barnard at tedxfremont yes, nice vid. our foods are filled with sugars. i believe that the less you eat, the longer you live. still, having lived in china for two years and ate rice every day, i lost weight. why? daily living there meant exercise just to get to work and back. type 2 reversed? when the pancreas stops working, it does just that--no longer produces insulin. done, over. \"...has been highly successful in reversing diabetes ...\" i don't to reverse it, i want it gone! wow! this tedx video is contradicting a tedx video i just watched. this is the reason that we are sick, people can not agree on what cause our problem. we get 1 person don't do that, do this. then we get another person saying don't do that, do this. and so on it goes until we are right back where we started and we till have the problem! that is why it is called practicing medicine i hope that the practice time is soon over and we get on with the concert andsoon get great music (medical information). even though it is a disease and overweight individuals and diabetics have been given the wrong information for a long time. it is still going to be a choice they have to make to make the lifestyle change to become healthy. if they do not they are still making unhealthy choices for themselves. therefore, the beginning statement about unnecessary condemnation would be false. eat a balanced whole food diet for better health. whole foods, including carbs are part of ecologically sound part of the diet. so many want to condemn carbs because they assume, there is no way to eat them in a whole form. carbs like brown rice, are a healthy food when eaten in combination with fresh or cooked vegetables, and seeds. and this type of fiber promotes regular bowel movements which help prevent colon cancer. yes refined carbs and corn syrup sweeteners are bad for us.\ntoo many simple truths, out there, which are not quite true. m(r)s hallberg should stop talking about carbs and start talking about sucrose/fructose, the real cause of type ii diabetes. glucose is a sugar/carb which is totally fine (and indeed necessary) for consumption. it is a very efficient source of energy and babies rely on it from their mother's milk. substitute glucose with sucrose in the milk babies drink and you get obese babies as a result. people should really start to understand this fundamental difference. so everybody, stop drinking sodas, stop eating candy and other processed foods filled with sugars sarah, this is such a great, educational, encouraging, and truthful presentation. as a trainer, strength, performance, and biosignature coach over the past past 35 years, i've been preaching this to clients, family and friends. just understanding a little biochemistry and biology has help me to understand and teach this and the importance of controlling insulin through bad carbohydrate management. a few years ago 60 minutes did a great story about the dangers of sugar, e.g., cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc... by the way an easy pioneer or advocate of eliminating sugar and process states and foods was jack lalane! thanks again! my question is, do we know the long term effects of this \"cure\" diet? what does a high fat diet mean for heart disease?? maybe we should all eat like bob harper? why would she classify carbs as 1 thing (a cookie= a candy = an apple = broccoli?); and fats as 1 thing (lard= butter= avocado= coconut?)., this does not make sense to me. i had dietary advice at the medical clinic who talked about portion control but i couldn't follow her advice then somehow. yes, that's why i add salad to pumpkin soup. to keep it natural. i'm losing weight by eating pumpkin soup with salad and a little cheese (b12). i'm down from 85 kilos to 82 kilos in a few days. i'm vegetarian and almost vegan and have been a health freak all my life avoiding sugar which is impossible of course. can you cure type 1 diabetes not taking any medication.i had this conditio nat 61 years old. low carb and low saturated fat higher polyunsaturated fat and higher protein works for me. if carbs are \"toxic\" in effect beyond a certain amount of consumption - why poison yourself? fish - spinach salad - olive oil - some nuts - minimal dairy - egg whites - lean poultry - - exercise -makes a big difference. just shoot for very normal a1c f you are type ii to eliminate the meds if you can. keep things so as to avoid an excursion on blood sugar levels and to preserve the pancreas and liver etc. to say nothing of eliminating neuropathy and heart issues. her message is great, although the delivery is sometimes awkward and confusing (\"zero randomized control evidence to americans to remove fat from our diet and that's how carbs got added in\" and \"stop using medicine to treat food.\" whaaaa?) sarah hallberg is a genius. bigdaddyuker exactly purdue from the meat industry and big pharm profit from this bs. this way would give you increased risk for 14 of the top 15 causes of death in the west. low carb is a all meat and eggs and cows milk diet. plants are good for you! you need to do so more reading and research. dr. sarah is not acting alone. this is not something she dreamt up. she was recruited by purdue and runs with some pretty big dogs in the medical community including many associated with duke university medical school. jay khajuria she is a psychopath! this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet jay khajuria 700 it has been just under 20 weeks, my companion has been utilizing this fungus treatment solution \"jumkazin blogspot\" (google it), applying a couple of times a day on a toe nail, about 95% of the days. his nail is now on its great condition. i utilized the treatment since the skin between my toes is scratchy and cracking. my husband is down to 145 from 280 & still has diabetes 2. i am prediabetic and i am so glad that i have found this turn back now. this comment section is cancer. more than most youtube comment sections. wow!!! thank you for sharing this! it literally makes me want to cry and beat down those who wish to keep people sick for pure profit. will share! dear sarah!\nagree with every word !\nplease, share with me your mail and i will share with you my last publications and presentation which you could find interesting. thanks a lot. best, shmuel this is a good exampleof adr. teaching a subject they don't understand; it's important to know most have zero training in nutrition and what little they might get is wrong. do a search for \"nutritionfacts.org\" and \"diabetes\" and get the scientific facts. dr. greger breaks everything down into short easy to understand talks... all for free. also dr joel fuhrman is excellent. vegan, i am not. but if you want increased atherosclerosis in your arteries, an obstructed intestinal tract and clogged pores (skin), then by all means continue on with a meat centered diet. that will make you a slave to the medical community in the future, ensure a sickly body, and it's coming your way very soon. in truth atherosclerosis starts even before one is a teenager. but, once the natural flow in the body becomes obstructed, it's a downhill slide into wretchedness, where one problem exacerbates and then perpetuates the next.\nthere is no need to be fearful of vegans eric, they a people just like you and me, doing the best they can in a difficult world. insane, crazed and deranged, vegan alert! vegan alert! never pay attention to a vegan when discussing nutrition. the only thing i worry about with high fat is..will it affect the heart in a bad way and what about the liver? won't eating a high fat diet cause fattly liver disease?? is the same advice valid for type i's...i assume so. also, what happens to fruit? is that taboo? lacking chromium and vanadium minerals have fun getting any fiber at all on a low-carb diet. green veggies. when you see how much money is being made off of diabetics alone, is it any wonder why people are being treated in a way that prevents reversal of the condition??? should we ask why the north american diet creates such disasterous health in everyone??? check out the work of dr sebi to reverse/'cure' anything. thanks a bit of muscle work excercises and cutting 90% of carbs dropped my blood sugar to the 80's from a minimum 100 then upwards when i ate...even before i did the extra movement i dropped a tonne of girth from my abdomen and chest...like two fists worth in a shirt i could barely button on. carbs are sugar and sugar is killing us best video ever! vineet battula well you're not very picky then vineet battula this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet \"conflicting messages in nutrition cause people to become so frustrated and confused they may just throw their hands up in the air and eat whatever they want, which is exactly what saturated fat suppliers wantbut at what cost to the public's health?\" https://nutritionfacts.org/video/the-saturated-fat-studies-set-up-to-fail/ it's pretty hard to get enough fibre if you cut out carbs. there's just not enough bulk to move things along if you eat this kind of high fat, high protein diet. eat carbs that are full of soluble fibre - porridge and legumes will keep you right! just recently got diagnosed as a type 2 diabetic. was remitted to the hospital with ketoacidosis. after being on an insulin drip to bring me back down to a reasonable level, i was released with a prescription for lantus and humalog. having no insurance, i applied for assistance from the manufacturers. in the meantime, my dr. strongly suggested i go to walmart and get the 70/30 otc stuff and take 35 units once a day in the morning. since my diagnosis, i've been riding 35-45 minutes daily on my peloton bike, and keeping the carbs down. i've lost 8 lbs. in four days. i bought both a glucometer online (dario) and blood pressure cuff (omron), and i've brought both my blood pressure (with aid of meds) and my blood sugar down measurably. i look forward to continuing on this journey medicine free. what was it called; afrezza? lol. i've never seen someone push a medicine so passionately. lisa, i've seen a few of his videos, and based on the pathophysiology and biochem i have studied, he seems to be spot on. your personal progress supports this as well. congratulations for the success of your hard work!! check into dr jason fung who runs intensive dietary management program. he wrote the obesity code also. i have lost 65 pounds on the orogram.= i don't like your tone. if it doesn't change were done.\nwell, with what your saying you might as well be carb counting.\n\"keep researching low carb (ie. healthy carbs and reasonable portions), try to eliminate all added sugars and especially stay away from high fructose corn syrup. get plenty of exercise and plenty of sleep and plenty of plain clean water and plenty of enjoyable recreational activity and plenty of happy social interaction.\"\n\"i do advise lowering overall carbs in diabetic diets, but i do not advise \"carb counting\". diabetes is literally defined by excess glucose in the blood. carbs metabolize into glucose.\"\nso why wouldn't you carb count while your enjoying your recreational activity with your premade meals, i hope you really enjoy that activity your doing while you do your push ups and running 5 miles - how long do you expect to keep that up? get back to me when your 70.\nthe reality is not everyone is able to get plenty of: exercise, sleep, clean water, and plenty of enjoyable recreational activity.\nwhat if you are injured and can not exercise?\nwhat if you can't sleep at night?\nwhat if you dont like drinking water?\nand i'm actually curious how many of us are able to forget about our day to day lives to go out and get plenty of recreational activity everyday?\nafrezza bridges the gap in terms of being obtainable for everyone.\n\"for extra credit, also explain how the inhaled insulin helps with weight loss. be sure to use actual biochemistry and physiology in your explanation. \"\nafrezza doesn't help with weight loss if anything you might gain 10 lbs because your free to eat whatever you want.\nthere's nothing wrong with promoting your ideas. it just so happens that i'm not lying about anything. afrezza will clear the day to day fog for millions diabetics. vincent quayle my apologies. your zealous promotion of a brand name pharmaceutical makes you appear like one of the many paid trolls who scour through comment sections like this. i do advise lowering overall carbs in diabetic diets, but i do not advise \"carb counting\". diabetes is literally defined by excess glucose in the blood. carbs metabolize into glucose. as for afrezza, please explain how inhaling exogenous insulin will help a new type 2 diabetic who got this way because of insulin resistance stemming from chronic glucose and insulin overload. for extra credit, also explain how the inhaled insulin helps with weight loss. be sure to use actual biochemistry and physiology in your explanation. so when do we not need carbohydrates? this lady is something else. there is no cure you quack, down voted this might apply to some unfortunate individuals but it's not applicable to most. i'm fat for almost 30 years of my life, with 4 years of fitness from spending 2 years in the army. some of us might be more susceptible to diabetes but the onset of it is individual choice. we hold the key to changing our own lives. the issue is not carb. if it was, all of asia would be known as the diabetic continent. the issue is mixing carbs and fat.\nyou can either eat high fat, low carb (similar to paleo) or high carb low fat (asian-like diet).\npaleo is a lot tastier, but high carb is a lot healthier long term. cut carbs cut life is this a real doctor????? she sounds more like a meat industry sale's rep. so much misinformation. if you see real studies, protein raises insulin more than carbs... that's right! the healtyest people in the world eat 80% starch (aka carbs). insuline resistance is caused by fat. glucose is the source of life on earth... if you eat starch you eat glucose. but people confuse sugar with starch. sugar is sucrose which is 50% glucose, 50% fructose. your liver will change fructose to fat, so when you eat sugar filled foods, you are eating 50% fat. and that causes type 2 diabetes because the insulin receptors on the muscles become clogged with fat. but if you eat starch, like rice, pasta, and potatos, then you are eating 5-10% fat...and over a few months you type 2 diabetes will go away. look at www.nutritionfacts.com & drmicdougall.org for more info. if you're compensating with large amounts of fat, what kinds of fat are these? mufa, pufa or saturated? or a mix of them all? she is absolutely correct. as a diabetic who has to have insulin as my pancreas no longer produces any, i stumbled on the \"keto\" way of eating just three weeks ago. although i have never bought into the low fat fad, i was up to over 100 units of insulin a day and the weight kept creeping up. and always hungry. so after three weeks, i have dropped several pounds, my blood pressure is dropping, and my need for short term insulin is almost down to zero! i wish someone had told me this two years ago. i read everything i could find and never once did i find this research. cutting carbs without increasing fat just does not work long term because the cravings still exist. falling off the wagon all the time cause i like my bread. i didn't think this would work but it is. cravings are gone. even those for bread. i eat when hungry now. try it. there are a few good doctors with websites. and i would recommend \"the ketogenic diet for type 1 diabetes \", by ellen davis, ms and keith runyon md. just published and worth the read even if you think you know how insulin works in your body. hi carol ... dr. westman ... has been curing type 2, not sure what your is, but type 2, 3 (3 = alzheimer's - same underlying cause) ... there are several doctors now who are controlling their own type 1 using lchf ... sarah hallberg is great and her points are valid ...\ntimes are changing ... do not be afriad to \"fire your doctor\" there a a lot of low carb doctors now ... and yes - you are in charge ... never trust someone who has a phd in medicine as they just regurgitate phd's in science ... the problem we have as consumers is the 50% of the dr.'s of science working for big-pharma, as they have a vested interest in protecting their job, not your health ...\ngo to all the low carb down under lecture series ... most are doctors of medicine, doctors of science and some like dr. phinney are both ... doctors of both science and medicine ...\nlol 70 going on 100 ... however, one can reset ones insulin levels with cbd from rsho hand fun! features calorie mama food analysis & wellness app: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0bwr41_5kin55rduwnfncwki1thm/view?usp=sharing i lost 22 kgs having low carb diet, my diabetes is in normal level and i do not use any medication to control diabetes how do i contact this person itunes tonga as someone with extensive experience in diabetes education and management (and type 1 diabetes myself) i have never seen patients told to increase their carb intake. the 45-60g per meal recommendation is made as a recommendation to limit carbs. first of all: what? :)\nsecond of all: i think you misunderstood my comment. my comment agrees with you (i think). it disagrees with dr. hallberg's assertion that diabetics are recommended to increase carbohydrate intake as a matter of standard practice. sorry ... just plain wrong ... the is \"no known carbohydrate deficiency disease\", hence no reason to eat carbs ... this is not true of proteins and fats ... those guidelines are just wrong ... and designed to sell drugs and support an incredible political structure ... many dr.s are completely eliminating insulin from type 2 also alzheimer's is now called type 3 .. by low carb ... less than 50g/day.\n70 going on 100 fewer carbs are better, but you have to meet diabetic patients where they are at.\nto clear up some additional misinformation, the recommendation for 45-60 grams of carbohydrates is for men. women are recommended to limit consumption to 30-45 grams of carbs per meal. even the higher range of the recommendation for men (60 grams/meal) is not a high carb diet. that diet provides about 720 kcal/day in carbohydrates which amounts to about 35% of calories from carbohydrates. to let people know what these meals might look like on a plate:\n30 grams of carbs - 3/4 cup of butternut squash, 10 brussel sprouts\n45 grams of carbs - 1/2 cup of rice, 1 cup of carrots, 1 cup of milk\n60 grams of carbs - 1/2 cup of rice, 3/4 cup of lentils, 1 cup of zucchini\ndiabetes targets lower income communities. eating high fat and high protein diets is a lot more expensive than eating higher carb diets. in the communities i've worked in, that has been important to my patients. additionally, there is not good data supporting low-fat diets as being healthier; however, there is pretty reasonable data showing harm from certain types of fats (like trans fats). short-term, microvascular complications of diabetes primarily benefit from a reduction in blood glucose. macrovascular complications have more complex origins.\nultimately, dr. hallberg mischaracterizes recommendations made to diabetic patients. the conversation she describes where a patient is encouraged to increase carbohydrate intake does not occur in practice. her recommendation for carbohydrate reduction is only revolutionary in the fictional world she has created. that's close to 200g of carbs per day. that is a high carb diet. lchf for diabetics would probably be 30g per day or less. i'm not diabetic, but certainly insulin resistant. i have done this diet for one month. i've lost 25 pounds, my blood pressure has improved, and most importantly my overall pain/soreness level has reduced significantly. thank you dr. sarah! look folks, if you don't want to believe this, then move on. the truth is, this type of eating is working, especially for people with varying degrees of diabetes & insulin insufficiency/resistance. i've had several patients with great success. can't argue with the results. @andy taylor it is a known fact that drug withdrawals are about as bad. should we then allow them be addicts because they'll suffer?\nif there is a will to fight diabetes, then there will be action. troubles with withdrawal? get support and accountability then. @jamie rivet you have any proof to back that up? @jamie rivet it honestly is not a religion jamie; we respect your beliefs: you believe being vegan is very important; and we fully respect your beliefs; overweight folks; like me; who have eaten keto; have got good results: big weight loss and better health. when one gets there, the options broaden: we try to eat many more good green leafy vegetables: we are growing our own; but ditching the carbs helps greatly to get from overweight to healthy the problem is that carbs are highly addictive and the sufferers can become violent, if not just obstinately obnoxious. if this were true, most asian countries with rice as the staple of their diet would have much higher rates of diabetes than western or non-rice eating counterparts. they just don't. case ends.\ni don't believe there is one bullet-proof diet. what might have worked well for some of the patients might not be the best solution for others. goodbye diabetes and hello leaky gut. this is wonderful for the individuals that can eat high fat. however, there are many who can not. let's see sarah debate neal bernard, you can't even find her age online, check out dr neal bernard the dude is 64 this year, i get even if sarah has 20 years on him he will be around after she dies, and live healthier too coconut flour doesn't make a delicious anything. thank you for the truth ....... there is a lot of research and trials over 30+ years showing eating plants can and does repair body arteries. so eating mostly fat would not fit this plan. can we not treat our arteries, our brain, our heart and diabetes in one food plan?? watch the documentaries - forks over knives, cowspiracy and then make an informed decision. i am also trying to figure out. low carb works for a while and i have myself tried it a few times and lost weight but is not a long term solution i feel. great video...very informative please! westernized chinese food is loaded with the oil it was cooked in, this is why the insulin spikes. at 6:09, \"we can't get the blood sugar into the cells\" well no wonder, the oily chinese food is blocking the insulin receptor, it has nothing to do with complex-carb toxicity. i would like to see your patients long term, let's say 15 years, if they survive that long. getting rid of highly processed carbs is a no brainer, but to remove whole grains, yams, legumes and the like, then replace them with high fat foods is just down right dangerous for your cardiovascular health. the ketogenic diet has worked for me. low carb high fat diet. please check dr. westman's videos. if the dr thinks it is not the the patient's fault to became obese. it is their insulin. why she believe that patient can follow her suggestions? patients insulin problem had made then eat too much before. and she thinks just tell your patient eat only when hungery is gonna work? i don't understand. people get fat is because their appetite control hormone is broken for someone insulin resistance is the reason for obesity but most of the time obesity is the cause of insulin resistance if low carb. where is the calories from? fat? no good you know. protein? how does body get rid of the amonium?i think it is not the carb. it is the over loading of calories. no mater from carb or anything the ada is a medical mafia. the last thing they want is a cure. manage the symptoms and make billions. it all started with 'devil bill' rockefeller's sons changing the course of medicine in america. and the aha, and the ama, and big pharma, and the fda, and the hospitals. they are all in cahoots to maintain your sickness, but not cure it. i've been a type ii diabetic for 10 years. i heard something along these same lines that more fat and less carbs would lower my blood sugars that i couldn't get down from 265%+. the doctors decided to put me back on insulin, but i decided to investigate more, because this couldn't keep going on and killing me. why didn't our parents have diabetes?my fat intake from the dark chicken, not the breast, began to cut my blood sugars by 60%! now i'm on a high fat diet, with low carbs, and my levels are systematically lowering. just need to stop sugar and carbs! thanks sarah! excellent video! forgive me for butting in, i would appreciate your initial thoughts. have you heard about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (should be on google have a look)? it is an awesome one of a kind product for reversing diabetes minus the headache. ive heard some incredible things about it and my good mate called gray got astronomical results with it. i thought that glucose was the essential fuel used by the brain? this is a shitty disease ... everyone is different. i'd like to just eat something without all the fear involved .. my husband was on dialysis before he passed away and it is an ugly way to live(he was not diabetic )... i am though and i do not want to go out that way ...so i have to watch because we are told that all the time and they have succeded in making us all scared. this was a good explanation...i guess i'll try harder with the carbs. since she states that she changed to this diet a year ago, a year is hardly enough tried and true evidence over years of time to see if this reverses itself ... john macdougall has been teaching for probably 30 years that the answer to diabetes is eating starches; i don't know the answer at all but her talk with one year of personal experience is hardly enough to go by; dr. cousens is reversing diabetes 2 all the time with diet that does not eliminate carbs because fruits and veggies have vitamins and minerals that we need. also there are people who have been vegans and fruitarians even for years and they do not have even pre-diabetes. go figure???? regular md's would be the last people i would trust about nutrition or any disease prevention. you go to them for prescriptions and emergencies. durrr. why do you think the sugars stay in the blood? because the cells have too much fat in them. so how is more fat a solution? foolish. whole food plant based diet. no animal flesh or animal milks. will get all the nutrients you need. way to go. i just love the way she is presenting the truth. great talk but who dressed this woman?! weston a price and vilhjalmur stefansson wrote about this decades ago,\ngrate to see it on tedx. thank you. just eat fruit and veg that will get rid of your diabetes get h1a1 blood test from your doctor and watch the results the insulin can't get into the muscle cell cause its blocked by fat i did not believe this when i first listened about 6 months ago. then i bought obesity code by dr. jason fung and he was saying the same thing. i consider myself insulin resistant but not diabetic. i now do intermittent fasting and follow high fat, moderate protein and low carb diet. sore joints are gone. i have dropped 35 pounds since october, and still losing. she's great but i hope we're not literally bursting at the seams. she seems to like that word a little too much and misuses it too much for a professional. :-p but this is one of the best ted talks. amen to that. people, pls consider this low carb high fat diet. it's amazing. . . . and yummy too. my weight steadily crept upwards over the years no matter what i did. diet didn't fix it. my body adapted to the diets. exercise didn't fix it. my body adapted to the exercises. finally i resorted to water fasting and lost a huge amount of weight, but i also lost muscle mass. i'm hoping that intermittent fasting combined with exercise will be the ultimate \"cure\" for my weight problem.\nmy point is that the whole idea that weight gain = lack of self control may be true sometimes, but not always. after less than four months on low carb high fat diet i have lost 35 pounds, lowered my cholesterol by over 50 points, and no longer need to take high blood pressure medicine. my a1c has gone from 8.6 to 5.9. my goal is to get it lower but i'm happy with these numbers right now. thank you karin for sharing, and for the updates of your journey. i know plenty of kids who have their diabetes under control with a keto diet and they have been on it for years. those children put on the diet to stop seizures were on it for a decade or longer. with many of them if they went off the diet the seizures would reoccur. there is so much unsubstantiated negative \"news\" about keto out there. it's a real threat to the pharmaceutical companies. we do not need their insulin and other outrageously expensive diabetes drugs if we follow a strict adherence to a keto diet.\ni belong to a number of groups for ketogenic support. some of them have members in the tens of thousands. no one is selling a thing; they are out there trying to help other diabetics. isn't it discouraged to keep a kid on a keto diet for more than a few months? it has now been over a year since i started. i have lost 75 pounds and maintaining, am close to the weight i was in college, have lowered my a1c to 5.2, my cholesterol is as good as when i was in my 20's, i no longer take high blood pressure medicine (usual numbers are now about 110/68) and i feel incredible. i am 61 years old and go to aerobics classes with 20-something your olds and i can outdance them. no more arthritic aches and pains, no more asthma flare ups, and i have not had a cold or infection of any sort since i started this way of life. i am so happy. ketogenic diets have been used for decades for children with seizure disorders who cannot be managed with medication. there are no bad side effects. none. it has now been over a year, i have lost 75 pounds and am maintaining, my cholesterol and blood pressure are what as good as when i was in my 20's. (i'm now 61.) there is no peer reviewed scientific data to prove your point. dr. sarah j hallberg, do, ms, dabom, http://iuhealth.org/find-a-doctor/physician/63319/. my story: https://www.dietdoctor.com/healing-brain-well-pancreas doesn't type 2 diabetes happen when your liver gets sick and it can no longer produce insulin? this happens when they gain weight and over do it by eating too much, too many sweets, carbs. yes there are people who are much more pre-disposed to obesity. wish they talked about cholesterol levels too on a keto diet your cholesterol levels go down. watch ketoconnect on youtube. take cinnamon. it lowers cholesterol and blood sugar. get ceylon cinnamon specifically though. the stuff at the store is cassia cinnamon. notorious for causing liver problems. cholesterol is another medical myth. it has nothing to do with anything.. controlling insulin levels through diet is the key. also, manage life stress levels consume lots of dietary fiber such as psyllium. works for me. americans , start cooking your own food. enough of depending on your restaurants at last, a doctor who tells the truth. well done. great video! very helpful information. dr. sarah, i really hope you get this. i just wanted to thank you sincerely for your incredible message which is surpassed only by your infectious passion. i'm a personal trainer who has for years prescribed the exact opposite of this and recently decided that after years of short-term results with my clients that it's time to make a change. i am sending them all this video and encouraging them to really take your words to heart. thank you so much for your passion and willingness to go against societal norms and help people truly improve their health and their lives! - carl berryman, pts, winnipeg, mb canada so much for low-fat food. we have been lied to by both food manufactures and doctors for at least 50 years! yes, if you want a spoonful of rice to cause full-blown diabetes, eat this way. otherwise, it's the fat and meat that got you into the problem to begin with. cutting the carbs is just compensating for eating the wrong foods. you will die young if you eat this way, and if even a tenth of the world's population ate this way, we'd live in even more of a toxic waste dump than we already do. this is terrible advice. what about beans and legumes...are they too high in carbohydrates? thank you- great lady :) $250b.... wow. authoritative and profitable advice from the ada to keep people sick. that's sick. obesity is a disease caused by ignorance. what about high fat and the heart etc. hmmm? wow, so we're going to clog our arteries to avoid diabetes? isn't insulin resistance caused by intra-cellular fats? there are people preaching high carb, low fat diets to battle diabetes. very confusing.\nthe real problem is the fat storage in the cells, not the carbs in the blood. if you have a clogged drain, treat the clog rather than stopping the water someone said about ten years ago that diabetes diagnoses would be the \"cash cow\" in the pharmaceutical industry. someone's getting rich, and no one questioned it for a long time because doctors are \"god.\" i hope reverse type 2 diabetes,and my personal research took me where you are... however, i worry about animal fatbeing the storage dump for pollution. ages ago a tv show called 'house md.' had a puzzle story, that turned out the patient was sicker because: hospital food was emptying his fat cells into his blood stream. we have a hundred years of judges allowing pollut-ion... already built up. not counting how, where, and on what the 'food' is raised on. why aren't these 'ranchers'in jail? doctors are trained to believe that diabetes cannot be cured. they probably also trained to believe cancer can't be cured unless you irradiate people. big tobacco wanted us to believe cigarettes were not harmful nor addictive, monsanto wants us to think their gmo foods are all safe. big pharma sell drugs to people and encourage doctors to prescribe their drugs, while de-emphasizing the side effects. why should we believe anything corporations tell people? or even the gov't? well said! thanks for your courage to speak the truth. how do you buy this food on a fixed budget? carbs are bad, but they're cheap. family packs of chicken are can be purchased on sale for 99 cents/lb. that is a start. i had my blood tested about a week ago because i had been getting really light headed some days. today the truth came out, my blood is the same as an obese elderly person with type 2 diabetes. i can no longer eat sugar, and i'm freaking out! cant rememeber a time when someone got on my nerves this much, yet i still loved her and her message. lmao. her voice tho.... hahah. great video, great ted!!! why do these speakers take so long to get to the point? also, jeesh, don't paint this as something new. this is exactly the old way it was taught and found to not work. what causes muscle cells not be able to take the glucose that insulin is trying to make them do? fat. what causes the sludge blood effect? fat. what stores most of the toxins animals eat? you probably know by now.\n\"look, i discovered something new!\" you discovered the atkins diet. give me a break. jeesh. have fun with your heart disease. you know what balances blood sugar without having all the huge negative effects of all that bad fat? fiber. this woman is a complete newbie in this healing diabetes business, compared to dr. mcdougall et al..\nlearn how to cook, eat real foods. look for woo&pep diet website service to learn how to do diet rightly. #1 stay away from chicken from a grocery store#2 go get raw honey from a little farm stand and i mean real raw honey, no gatorade no soda and nothing with high fructose corn syrup, no energy drinks and watch a difference in your energy after a week and you will wonder why you didnt eat better sooner how you got on tedx is unknown to me. no wonder people are fucked information wise. keep your fat down. no one ever got diabetes from eating food from starches and veg. people get them from having high fat foods the number one cause of diabetes is not carb intake but fat intake. both a whole foods plant based diet and a low carb or ketogenic diet will help with normalizing diabetes. the question is which one is correcting the cause and which is treating the symptoms. low carb/high fat keto diets work well with preventing a spike in insulin but don't address the lipotoxicity of the cell. clean out the cell and the body will be able to handle the carbs. longer life span and less illness is associated with plant based diet. unprocessed whole foods plant based, not refined grains. kudos to you, dr. hallberg! you must be under attack by pharmaceutical companies, the fda, the ada, and your peers in the medical industry. you're bad for their businesses! count me as one more of your fans and allies. watch \"what the health\" and it'll help you. i guarentee it. take out animal flesh/dairy and you'll start healing. the american diabetes association says \"diabetes is a progressive disease which requires more medicine over time.\" yes, progressive, unless we take away the cause.why isn't low carb the norm? (1) status quo: it is hard to break. there are many agendas involved. the carbs got added in when the fat was removed. but there were no randomized control scientific evidence to recommend that fat be removed from our diet. essentially a huge experiment on millions of people and it failed miserably. (2) money. there is a lot of money to be made to keep you sick. specialty guideline panels are stacked with conflict of interest.the solution to the diabetes problem in my clinic is exceedingly clear: stop using medicine to treat food. and for a disease whose root cause is carbohydrates, take away the carbohydrates, or at least cut them, so we can remember what we used to know. this was said thousands of years ago, and we need in this day and age to get back to that notion. \"let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.\" ~hippocrates.~ sarah hallberg, m.d., obesity specialist, tedxpurdueu help, my doc told me to stay away from potassium/salt because she has me on an ace inhibitor for high blood pressure. iv got pre diabetes on top of that.. i have it under control with diet so im guessing id have to quit the ace in order to do the keto diet.. anyone else have this problem ? thanks for any help. john are you allowed fruit with sarah diet or is that considered a sugar or was she referring to processed sugars there's this thing called\ns a t u r a t e d f at\nthat causes type 2 diabetes. blacktician are you a doctor of internal medicine? are you a medical director of anything? she is. you should consider he possibility she could know something you don't. i am so mad that two doctors may disagree so much. no wonder people now believe \"alternative facts\". science has betrayed us!!!!! how can she say that we don't need any carbs at all? the food group with the most nutrition per calorie, are vegetables, and the majority of the calories in vegetables are indeed carbs. and then there are unsweetened dairy products. is it really so terrible to eat unsweetened dairy products? i find that hard to believe. other foods i would think are healthy, even though they have some carbs in them, are nuts and raw fruits, especially berries. i wish i could ask directly ask her these questions, to see what her answer would be the food with the most nutrition per calorie is meats -- it's very high in minerals. dairy products are among the most inflammatory of foods, and so are nuts, neither of which i tolerate. meats are much less likely to be inflammatory. actually, since writing the above, i think i have pretty much come up with the healthiest way for just about any of us to eat: 1) eat no more than two meals per day. 2) each of those meals should consist of 6 to 8 ounces of animal protein, plus a full pound of raw vegetables, plus some kind of healthy fat such as olive oil, coconut oil, or butter 3) having no snacks at all is the ultimate ideal, but if one feels the need to eat snacks, have them consist of some combination of a) unsalted nuts, and/or b) sour cream, cream cheese, and/or kefir cheese. 4) if you have neither a weight problem nor a blood sugar problem, then eating raw fruits, especially berries, is also okay. you're a star !! excellent presentation, fearless factual and lucid........ thank you. read death to diabetes! according to the international diabetes association the usa has about 11% of its adults suffering with diabetes and italy has about 6% of its population with the illness. how does one explain this quandary when the italian diet is loaded with carbohydrates? pass the pasta please. another point that should be noted is that the uk has one of the lowest percentages of people with diabetes. subjectively i could say the average londoner has just as much opportunity to eat at a chinese buffet as the average new yorker. the ida data is pretty telling that some populations can eat plenty of carbs and not get diabetes. if you maintain the right weight and exercise, you can eat just about everything.\nthis video (did you watch it?) is about what to do if you already have pre-diabetes for full-blown type 2 diabetes. get the difference? so you avoid pasta if you are pre-type 2 or type 2. she did not say that pasta gives you diabetes. i thought that if you completely cut carb from your diet, you can't fight back from being sick because your immune system needs it. and armand flower or coconut flower are not no carb. they are low carb which is good but what you said is not accurate. btw, flax is a kind grain.\nthis presentation has some (probably) good advise and some inaccurate advise mixed everywhere. it needs better evidence. this is 100% opposite to what others(like dr greger are advising)\nwho do we believe?\nstaying on my doughnuts and candy diet.... thank you. i have a friend who due to diabetes has had a leg amputated (several yrs ago) he is now facing circulation complications in his good leg and scheduled for biopsy surgery (veterans benefits). infections in diabetics seems a topic less spoken of in the arena of prevention. wanted to toss to this as i am learning just how dangerous diabetes can be if ignored. yes blame the carbs even though whole food plant based diets, high in carbs in the form of vegetables and grains, has been shown to reverse diabetes. these low carb people perplex me greatly. animal food aka \"protein\" in the low carb diets are linked to insulin resistance. it's like treating the symptom rather than the cause. i started this diet on feb 7th and i weight myself today, no excersize, no pills, no crazy eating schedule, i lost 16 pounds, i didnt even cut sugar. i dont have diabetes and ive tried everything but this and im completely convinced this woman is right on the money. i wish i realized and started this sooner. i was 264lbs, im now 248lbs and counting thanks to this woman. thank you! this is how i have survived 2 years no medication and reversed type 2 worst health advice from an actual physician i have ever heard. i can expect this kind of nonesense from a dude at the gym or my neighbor, not a doctor. i really hope none of your patients suffer a heart attack from this kind of high fat diet. but if they do, i hope they sue you for all you got. what is the diet one should follow? how do i stop from eating or drinking food with sugar? does diabetes affect urinary system? good presentation. some valid points. diet is very important. but the most important and effective intervention to prevent diabetes is not your diet but how much you exercise. there is sooooo much research highlighting the importance of exercise for prevention of diabetes and also as a treatment for patients with diabetes. don't just take my word for it, look up the research online, for yourself. being active and exercising is the most important part of healthy living and reducing the risk of getting so many preventable conditions. no matter what your age or situation see if you can make a change and start exercising more. trust me it will make a huge difference for you in the long run. i'm a thin workout nut of 30 years,(i ran for so long i gave myself osteoarthritis in my left knee). i was just diagnosed as prediabetic? i'm going on the keto diet next. yes!!! there are various solutions but carbs are very necessary. this \"doctor\" is naive.that's what the brain needs. excessive consumption of animal productsis correlated to diabetes more than anything else. there was an experiment in az where they reversed type 1 (professionals think it's impossible) diabetes in a group of people using a full raw diet for 30 days. raw, low fat vegans have no diabetes even when they consume 7000 calories of fruits a day. but that diet has other problems, lack of certain nutrients found only in animal food. anyway, associate sunday grill parties with diabetes. it's the meat based gut flora which makes the carbs bad. it is very difficult to eat healthily and this is why: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0bzzokwhv9ikqchhhowlydkrhcuk/view?usp=sharing this is the best talk on diabetes i've heard. i was diagnosed as pre-diabetic 4 years ago. the only advice i got from my doctor was, \"don't drink sweet tea every day.\" because i didn't know what to eat at the time, i practically lived on salami and cheese. i dropped 25 pounds in four months (no, not because my calorie count was so low, i ate real meals, too). i researched all i could, and continue to research. i was scared my cholesterol would be way up because i was eating so much fat so i asked my doctor to do a lipid panel on me. my cholesterol was 150! ....the lowest it's ever been. so, what do i eat? lots of chicken, salmon, steak, eggs, cheese, etc. i don't like veggies, but am trying to get some in every day. i think part of american's problem is that we supersize everything. an average restaurant serving size should be feedingfour people, not one. i am no longer pre-diabetic but know that i must continue to eat low carb so that my numbers don't go back up. just wish she would have gone into more detail about what she had her patients eat while there. where can we find clinics like hers? the people that say \"carbs are bad, mkay because blood sugar!\" never explain why the cells are not interacting with the insulin in the first place. dr. barnard is the only one i've ever heard talk about the fact that insulin doesn't work because fat is clogging up the cells (in laymans terms). believe what you want, but you need to be telling and hearing the whole story. yes all the experts tell you to limit saturated fat. is there a vast conspiracy among millions of health professionals around the world, or are there actually healthy problems caused by low-carb diets? which do you think is more likely?\nhere are some of the side effects you can expect after starting your new low-carb diet:\n\"the most common early-onset complication was dehydration, especially in patients who started the kd with initial fasting. gastrointestinal (gi) disturbances, such as nausea/vomiting, diarrhea, and constipation, also were frequently noted, sometimes associated with gastritis and fat intolerance. other early-onset complications, in order of frequency, were hypertriglyceridemia, transient hyperuricemia, hypercholesterolemia, various infectious diseases, symptomatic hypoglycemia, hypoproteinemia, hypomagnesemia, repetitive hyponatremia, low concentrations of high-density lipoprotein, lipoid pneumonia due to aspiration, hepatitis, acute pancreatitis, and persistent metabolic acidosis. late-onset complications also included osteopenia, renal stones, cardiomyopathy, secondary hypocarnitinemia, and iron-deficiency anemia. most early- and late-onset complications were transient and successfully managed by careful follow-up and conservative strategies. however, 22 (17.1%) patients ceased the kd because of various kinds of serious complications, and four (3.1%) patients died during the kd, two of sepsis, one of cardiomyopathy, and one of lipoid pneumonia.\"\nsource:\nearly- and late-onset complications of the ketogenic diet for intractable epilepsy\nhttp://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.0013-9580.2004.10004.x/full thank you doc lady.\nthe pharma industry is gonna be mad at you.\nthank you.\nstay blessed. the same medical advice is given for mental health patients. take this pill, it gives you side effects that make you more depressed, take another pill, it gives you side effects that make you more depressed, take more pills and on and on until you are on ssdi. she is a model for the perfect body. i know about diabetic and i cured naturally by myself. lots of obscurantist gobbledygook here! confusing ! and just plain flat out wrong! the chinese restaurant example is particularly misleading and nonsensical.\nthis would be a great video if only it were true. better ditch the meat eating religion before it kills you.\nhttp://harvardmagazine.com/2012/01/a-diabetes-link-to-meat\nif you want the truth go to nutritionfacts.org, and then read how not to die. people who eat a low carb high protein diets are a higher risk of heart attacks/sickness. go to masteringdiabete site for some fax that she is missing. he is a type 1 diabetic this video is irresponsible. diets high in fruit and vegetables and zero animal products have been show to prevent, reduce, and -- sometimes -- reverse diabetes, as well as many heart problems. this video is saying to severely limit carbohydrates, when, in fact, carbohydrates are very healthy, so long as they are not processed and are complex and come from whole foods. ben, non-vegans will use any excuse to attack us. calling them \"angry\" will make them think we're looking down on them. i know personally that that's not what you're doing -- but just to be safe, i think it's important we be extra nice to them, so as to avoid them think we're \"holier than thou\" -- especially because most vegans -- maybe not you, but most -- have been vegan for less than half their lives. hell, i just became vegan a few years back, and i have not been a perfect vegan. again, i know you meant no ill will, but some people might mis-perceive your wording, especially on yt. just requesting you stop name calling. i think it's a reasonable request. so mit is not scientific...? according to mit: \"vitamin b12 is produced by soil microbes that live in symbiotic relationships with plant roots.\" also, of course a lot of vegans lie, because a lot of people lie -- same with meat and dairy eaters. but please, explain one, single, solitary lie that i have stated, and i will give you $10,000. i'm waiting... why do vegans piss you off? as a vegan, i want to persuade others to go vegan, to help the ecosystem, to lower heart disease, to be nicer to animals, and to have safer and cleaner drinking water. in all honesty, please, im begging, what would it take to persuade people to become vegan? i spent most of my life not caring, and so i am not judging -- i'm simply a guilty person who is happy to be vegan and wants to help others do the same. i'm begging -- please become a vegan, and i will answer any and all questions on how to do so. please. i'm begging. for the sake of humans and animals -- we would all benefit. staying away from fruits is a bad thing. not eating enough fruit is one of the leading causes of illness. also, avocados are nice and all, but they are high in fat, which can lead to diabetes. that being said, avocados are healthier than all animal products, and so long as someone eats a variety of fruits and vegetables and nuts and seeds and adds b12 and d3 supplementation and drinks a lot of water and walks and meditates, that person's on the road to good health. all these \"wonder\" cures..yada yada. its not about what you eat, its about what you don't eat.. by that i mean..\"don't eat\". you can eat what you choose, just limit the quantities. use the standard calorie intake for your type,cut it in half, then use common sense in filtering your intake types.\nits not rocket science.\nthe best diet is the \"duct tape diet\", tape your mouth shut and watch your health levels rise.\ngood luck punters, don't believe a word these hacks spout. lois griffin... giggidy excellent ted talk!!! does dr. sarah hallberg have a web site? i'd like to study up more and get a specific list of 'good' foods and 'bad' foods. my fasting blood sugar just crept over 100 for the first time in my life (to 109), making me officially pre-diabetic. i've been watching that number creep up over the years through the 80's, then into the 90's and now 109. i simply never realized how bad carbs could be. i'm definitely guilty of over-eating carbs and her explanation of the hunger cycle describes me to a tee. sarah hallberg's simples rules of eating @ 11:55 i have type 2 diabetes. i will try this out & come back in 3 months with my results :-) most beautiful talk advice i have heard -ty great :) my wife decided to stop taking her statin 6 months ago and start eating fat; i mean a lot of fat. in other words, she went onto a ketogenic diet which consist of fat+meat+vegetables (no carbs). i was shocked when the results showed a drastic drop in ldl cholesterol levels. but what amazed me the most was the disapearance of this belly she was trying to get rid off for years. he said this diet was dangerous because the fat would clog her vessels and that she would end up being obese later. this was completely ridiculous since the fater she eats, the leaner she gets. i will never see doctors (and the pharma industries) same way as before. now when an ad says \"the most recommended by doctors\" i know its the one they've been paid the most by pharmas. let us know what her clueless doctor said when she tells her the good news. yes, most doctors are totally clueless about nutrition. they just know pills, pills, pills. you are amazing. i loved this and learned so much. this was awesome very helpful as kids say, \"no fat, no flavour\" so eat fat. i have taught this since 1986 when i started an outpatient diabetes education center in norcal. i never once recommended an ada diet to anyone since they cause blood sugars to worsen. i have taken more people off diabetes medication than i ever put on it. most doctors only give more medication and don't have a clue about nutrition. one of the best diet books was the zone diet - it had a great balance of fat/protein/carbs.\ni'm happy to see this - yet sad that here we are 31 years later and still fighting the same battle of ignorance - big pharma would lose a lot of money if people actually listened to and acted on this solid information. dr. nancy sutton pierce isn't gluconeogenesis a bad thing? would that not cause loss of muscle mass? great talk by the way! what about fruit?!?! eric k yessir! i'm actually eating black and strawberries right now. i am type 1, though. is this process still applicable to me? i would love to do this depletion of carbs, if it means i can go back to fruits; which i'm guessing, will be, under moderation. avoid if you are trying to stop or reverse type 2. once your blood sugars are back to normal, you can eat fruit. berries are the best. i've done this myself and completely reversed type 2. hba1c down from 52 to 39. current studies on supercharging this process with hyperbaric oxygen therapy are very very encouraging as well. she is not an up-to-date doctor.\ngoogle: dr. neal barnard and diabetes. your life will be changed.\nthis woman is living in the 1980\"s regarding scientific research. her \"facts\" are ridiculous and embarrassing. in a few years time they'll probably find low carb diets cause 90% of all cancer. no, because people ate low-carb 40 years ago, and other than lung cancer from smoking, there was no cancer epidemic. she is ten years behind the science. its embarrassing. . she is so wrong. google \"dr. neal barnard diabetes\". she is so so so wrong, her body shows how wrong she is. she is not fat, but not thin. could be totally hot if she ate plant based. thank you. my mom was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes today and i am super glad i can help. thank you for doing this work for the greater good. :) dr gets 5 out of 5 for figure and outfit. great advert for her own work! more people need to see this. this talk is nonsense! eating cow, pig or any animal blubber will never be good for your body. eat plants and watch the weight slide off and the t2diabetes disappear, along with all the problems dairy causes---constipation or diarrhea, acne, weight gain, etc. cows milk was meant for calves. yes, calves! human breast milk was meant for human babies. every doctor that preaches low carbs high fat/meat is overweight. sorry...but photos don't lie. dude, i'm 58, i exercise, my weight, blood pressure, blood sugar, cholesterol, etc. are perfect.\nwhy? first of all, i eat everything (i mean everything). but i have cut down by 80% to 90% consumption of refined sugar, grains, and packaged garbage. i eat meat maybe once a month, lots of chicken and eggs, and some fish. i also eat a ton of green veggies and fruit. a favorite is plain greek yogurt and berries. i also weigh myself every day.\nis your vegan diet a great alternative (with some supplements) to the absolute crap most americans eat? of course it is. it blows it away!\nbut it's also unrealistic. my way of eating is also a great alternative, but is very realistic. 98% of americans will never be vegans or even try to be vegans.\nencouraging my way of eating is a lot smarter than encouraging your way of eating. humans are humans. we are not rabbits. +eric k. you are so right! we are all insane, crazed, and deranged! (i love your sarcasm). after all - which is more difficult - getting your chest bone (touch yours now) sawed in half to have heart (yes, your main organ - heart) surgery, or, eating a plant based diet? i've met a few of the crazed vegans. fake sausage, phony bologna, processed fake meats, tempeh, etc. stick to whole foods and limit the unprocessed rice, beans, and pasta amounts. dairy with all the hormones, high fat, and calorie content are worse than any meat. it's a recipe for stroke, heart attack and diabetes. you are so right on. heart disease is rampant in my family and my cholesterol has stayed significantly lower than anyone else's in my family at my age (50). plus, as any plant based person will tell you, the bowel movements are amazing! p.s. if you're a big farmer, or big pharma rep, you better worry.....the world is getting educated about how much plant based is helping many health conditions. just in case you're a troll or close-minded meat-eater person, eat a wfpb (whole foods, plant based) diet and see for yourself. start planting veggies if your'e a farmer, and start looking for another job if you're a drug seller, because your job will be cutting sales people soon. very soon. insane, crazed and deranged, vegan alert! hey zee bop, there are a ton of fat and unhealthy vegans who eat to many bagels, pretzels and chips, too much pasta, and all sorts of junk. she is 90% correct . she is wrong about the cells . they don't become insulin resistant. if this was true . we would not get glucose in there at all . the insulin gets modified. from dietary poisoning. then can not be used as the key on the cell membrane wall to allow glucose into the cells.\nmk\nnutritionist really good stuff!! reduced but not zero carb diet and intermittent fasting..... note this is not reduced calorie but simply reduced carb and eating in an 8 hour window. a little hunger eat day that actually feels good! when you get used to it, the hunger feels good! best of all i don't feel hungry all the time like i used to from binging on low fat carbohydrate/sugar diet. healthy fat and protein - you don't get fat you get lean and healthy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nthe beginner's guide to intermittent fasting\nhttp://jamesclear.com/the-beginners-guide-to-intermittent-fasting don't you have better things to do . dicks keep taking down my post . i posted a comment on here and they take it down . she is 90% correct . the only thing she don't know is the cells are not resistant to insulin . the insulin gets modified by dietary poisons . then it can not be used as the key on the cell membrane to allow glucose to enter the cell . the 1.4 million people who have seen this . better hope they eat real food . or their insulin will get modified,\nnutritionist\nmk\noh and if the cells was insulin resistant how did the sugar get in there in the first place . ??????? she is very sexy!!!!! she is 90% correct. she is wrong . (if you as me )about the cells becoming insulin resistant. it's not the cells . the insulin becomes modified. then don't work on the cell membrane pathway. to let the glucose into the cells . one of the most irresponsible comments i have heard on nutrition: \"we don't need carbs.\" smh. the statement \"you don't need carbs\" is an asinine statement. it completely ignores hormonal and metabolic functioning. this entire talk, like so many other \"nutritional\" talks is focusing on one simple component instead of a holistic view of health. this is dangerous advice. there is no one-size-fits-all diet. people can put themselves at risk for thyroid disorder and adrenal fatigue by believing \"i don't need carbs.\" very irresponsible. you don't need them. but she didn't say no carbs. you can eat all the green veggies you want in her diet. seeing everyone argue back and forth makes my brain hurt lol. everyone is saying eat this or that. i say that we should all just stick to a natural diet of whole foods. whatever the macros for the diet come out to be, whatever, but as long as you get in a load of greens you're bound to be making progress in the right direction. just eat...naturally. i am confused as to why carbs are being blamed for this. most junk food that is said to high in carbs (for example a donut) are actually mostly fat. fat makes people fat lol. yet again, don't cut it out because it is a macronutrient, it will naturally show up in mostly every whole food. don't worry about \"oh i have to eat this and that, but definitely not this because...\" just stick to whole foods and you're good to go if you want to reverse diabetes you need to stop storing fat in your pancreas that prevents you from secreting insulin. to do that you need to lower your saturated fat intake and cholesterol. try eating less meat and more foods rich in fiber. eat what fat ? here's the problem. no one is consistently perfect and eating only fat and protein gets ollllld. summary.....she says we do not need carbs at all....... alguem com esta palestra em portugues? ?? it's hard to watch this speaker to be honest, too animated. what she is saying here is identical of what dr. eric berg has been telling the public in you tube for years. copy cat??? at least give credit to the reference(s). if you have a high fat diet, you need to limit carbs. if you have a high carb diet, you need to limit fat. our bodies use both carbs and fat for fuel, but prefer carbs because they convert to energy quicker. so when fat and carbs are consumed in a meal, the body burns the carbs and stores the fat. if you store fat, this blocks insulin receptors and causes insulin resistance, hence type ii diabetes. both high carb/low fat and low carb/ high fat diets work to lose weight, but long term with regards to cvd, high carb low fat plant based diet is ideal. following the practice of food combining works very well also as described in \"fit for life\" by harvey diamond. or you can eat like our grandparents did; whole unprocessed foods in moderation. good luck to all, btw, my father was type ii diabetic and i've been researching this for years.............just choose your fuel and don't mix them in the same meal. oh and always eat way more vegetables than anything else!!!!!! if you can lose weight and keep it off then you can get improvement because your eating fewer calories. but it's a toxic strategy and you don't want this. the smart approach is to eat the good carbs but make sure you limit your calories. you have to accept you can't eat sugars, soda. instead you have to eat whole starchy staples, vegetables, some fruit. fat and animal products are not your friend. the rice diet program proved you can cure type 2 diabetes with white rice and fruit but controlling calories. you rock! i think it's better to cure diabtetes with natural cure dr. hallberg, not sure if you will see this or not. i am pre-diabtic and have begun my switch to a lchf/ ketogenic diet. 3 days in i had a hypoglycemic event (i went all in and dropped my carbs to 7%). i was able to bring myself out of it with 1/2 cup of orange juice. will my body start to adapt and i won't have to worry about this? i have been all over the internet trying to find the answer..this isn't covered anywhere. she stole this from dr. eric berg. almost verbatim carbs? so steamed sweet potato gives you diabetes? ha rule number 5 no potato... all the incan people must have all had diabetes... what a joke... she didn't say that. she said to avoid them if you have pre-diabetes or diabetes. get the difference? sarah is so right. when i got diagnosed with t2 diabetes, i got a \"new\" meal plan to follow, which had so much carbs in every meal :-( i still remember it. that was two years ago. by ignoring these \"nutritional guidelines\" i have, on my own, reversed it.\non the low carb diet i do now, i can actually trust my body when it asks for more food. feels great! :-) the biggest enemy in this fight is the sugar lobby. curing a disease of affluence and excess by taking further advantage of affluence and excess. i'm moving planet telling my scrawny vegan ass about carbs this sort of reasoning is why my field (allopathic medicine) gets so much flack: can't deal with carbs? well, lets just get rid of them. this is quackery. meanwhile neal barnard's approach deals with etiology off disease, gets to the root cause of the condition, well at least one of them. nine months ago i was admitted through er with blood glucose of 440 and an aic of 9.5. this advise is so close to what i ended up doing; and i have been as successful. my aic was at 5.5 by my jan check which was seven months after diagnosis. i was taken off medications and have remained in control for the last month.\nweight loss is 55 pounds and soon i will be facing a new challenge of keeping weight on. i also realized that fibromyalgia which had plagued me for over twenty years, at times debilitating pain is under control. it is not gone, but flare ups are no longer an issue and the pain is low level and no longer constant.\ni walk 2 - 4 miles a day at least 5 days a week.\nthank you dr. sarah hallberg, immediately following my type ii diagnosis i was concerned about getting \"good nutrition advice\". it was not an easy thing to get an appointment where i was either. so i used what knowledge i had of being a hypoglycemic with a family history of type i and type ii diabetes and created my own diet.\ni removed all flour and sugars and almost all carbs from my diet immediately. by the time i spoke with a nutritionist on the phone, i had brought the glucose levels to pre diabetic and was maintaining. she gave me the 45 grams per meal and two 15 gram snacks advice as she closed the call knowing that i was not going to attend her class. i told her that i was only consuming half that amount and my glucose was still not under control. excellent presentation, very passionate and moving. thank you. excellent presentation, very passionate and moving. thank you. lady, how do you explain all of asia (chinese, indians, etc) and how they have much lower rates of heart disease and diabetes than the us? while eating white rice all day?\nthe blue zones of the world eat nothing but grains, potatoes, carbs.\ni think your patients did okay because they just got rid of the processed foods. your low carb whole food diet is much better than the standard american diet but carbs are essential in a diet.\nyou need some lessons from dr. neal barnard. dr. john mcdougall, dr. caldwell esselstyn, dr. dean ornish, dr. michael klaper, dr. michael greger. fat is required for many minerals. when we talk to clients about dieting, we recommend eating more fat. you are so hot... no disrespect.... just saying. smart and sexy i've spend a long time researching into treating diabetes then we discovered a fantastic website at diabetes crusher tactic (google it if you're interested) another doctor that has it backwards. i don't see any credentials in her title. i eat 80-90 % of my calories which are whole food carbs. ada guidelines say a whole foods plant base diet is safe and good for you. she sound ridiculous. the body runs on glucose. type 2 diabetes can be reversed on a high carb, whole foods plant based diet. min requirements...zero? stupid! vitamin c is an essential vitamin that only comes from carbohydrates...so yes, they are essential. we do cannot synthesize vitamin c, we need to invest it. my pop is dead keep the people eating what causes their disease and the drug and food companies will continue to rake in the cash. kudos to you for doing the right thing :) they don't want anyone to get better.... they don't want anyone to get off the \"medicine\" ada is a joke. this is exactly how i managed all my type2 diabetics, when i first saw them about 15 yrs ago. atkins or subsequent modified atkins touched on it. gps is useful point. a superb passionate rendition,! i became diabetic in '06. i was pretty good with my a1c around 7~7.5. i had cut way down on carbs. then i got a dietician who 'taught' me that carbs wern't the boogy man, even white potatoes. a1c went up to almost 9. now i am ignoring her advice, and am hopefully around 8. heads up: less than 50 carbs a day makes you more insulin resistant than before. low carb diets are best for diabetics because their already full blown insulin resistance.\nwhen i ate 20 carbs a day n i lost nothing. but when i ate 100g a day of slow carbs/low gi carbs, (brown rice, steel oats, quinoa) i started losing 4 lbs a week. atkins, high fat, low carb. way to go! #lchf-raud carb scare propaganda. don't believe this crap. while fat doesn't raise the blood sugar and is all fine for blood sugar levels, saturated fat is the reason for insulin resistance.\nhigher insulin resistance = more insulin produced\nmore insulin produced = overworked pancreas\noverworked pancreas in regards to insulin = stops to produce insulin.\nhow about solving the core problem? go on a 100% plant based and get higher insulin sensitivity and all the other benefits plants bring us. i love your presentation and it makes sense to me. is there a clinic like yours in new york city? and i saw another ted talk on diabetes and that doctor said fat in the cell made insulin not work. i have never heard this except from him. i think he has it backwards. (neal barnard). is there a good book anyone can recommend about how many carbs per meal and a food list with low carbs? good to see this info on a ted talk. it's been \"out there\" for some time, from raw food diets to the grain brain, wheat belly, brain maker books. fantastic! i really enjoyed this tedx while i walked around my kitchen, eating and entire ripe avocado for breakfast while preparing a fresh salsa to serve with an alaskan salmon filet for lunch. i never thought of having sauteed mushrooms as a \"carb\". that's a great idea! med = $ in there pocket, the us people are not well, but they pay to stay ill, they let people in white coats who know less than 40 year old health books. they need more who care about them than $ i am totally with bob arends, he is right 100% to reccomend neal barnard's diagnosis and treatment, loose weight and eat nutrient dense food, and my conclusion, allowing yourself, no more than 1 gram of protein and 1 gram of fat per kilo of your healthy weight. yes, it is so much fun being a vegan. i can't wait to dump all the good tasting food i like many fruits contains low fat and nearly high carbs. is she suggesting us to avoid eating fruits like banana or melons? i have tried lchf. i get so depressed with the loss of carbs that i can't stand it. simply brilliant the low carb diet works, but after 3 years i found it unsustainable for my cardiovascular system, and for the environment. i now eat a low fat (mostly) vegan diet and i love it. i have one cheat day each month so i can eat traditional meals on holidays like thanksgiving, christmas, etc.... it seems to me that meat, eggs, and dairy products should be eaten as a condiment or not at all. but those 3 industries have supported so much propaganda over the last 60 years that we are able to believe that what we once called gluttony is healthy. sarah hallberg should try the low fat plant based diet that most primates thrive on before she promotes something new. i doubt she has tried it. what about eating the right carbs (low gi) and exercising. that's ground breaking. but, but, doc, they *don't* want to cure diabetes! they *do* want to make patients shoot up more and more insulin!\nyou don't get it, do you?!? who is going to keep big pharma in business if everyone is cured, and no one needs their poison?!?!!! you are 100% correct. there is no other possible excuse for the horrible ada diet. i personally never cared for many carbs and i never had been constantly hungry but i have high blood sugar. my issue has more to do with under eating, and not moving enough. i personally think it depends on the person and their habits. the best things for me is to keep moving simply marching in place every time when i stand up and run in place when i can. also the places that eat high carbs like rice and stuff, tend to move more walk more less riding in cars and stuff. and also the only way i have be able to stabilize my blood sugar is proteins actually it raises it yes but never too high and it causes my body to drop extremely high blood sugar way it triggers insulin. my blood sugar honest only really gets high when i am fasting such as at night during the day regulates or at least usually does. great more conflicting information. just what we all need... i was with my gf this morning to get her blood test results. i've never seen her cry like this when the doctor told her she has t2d. she just wanted to check up on her health last week and all of a sudden they instantly recommend straight insulin shots and other meds. it is of serious concern as we are only 26/27, but i don't feel like it's the right path, i've seen ppl that choose the meds and they truly don't get better, only temporary relieve, which is a double edged sword do to the side effects of some of these pills. i'm further researching this but for sure we are switching our diets starting yesterday lol. i will let y'all know what the results are in the next few months. cut the sugar and carbs simple she talks about carbs like they are only grains and starches. i don't agree with this diet , but what a shame to present it this way to the lo carbers out there. eat fruits and vegetables! been doing without starches grains and sweets for four years now and have been diabetes free i eat all sorts of stuff mostly all protein sources just be careful if she has high cholesterol she may want to eat leaner cuts. i eat bacon not much else of pork just a preference, fish i eat mostly salmon, tuna reg and yellow fin, trout, shellfish i.e. crab legs, shrimp, lean red meats sirloin, lean hamburger meat boat loads of chicken both white and dark meat, turkey both meats, i eat pheasant, wild game i.e. elk, deer also bison, lamb, goat endless protein sources i eat plenty of leafy greens spinach, kale asparagus, i also eat sweet potatoes brown and wild rice in limited quantities fruits sparingly also avocados, natural peanut butter, nuts, beans, chickpeas or garbanzo beans all sorts of legumes dairy products such as cottage cheese regular cheese, greek yogurt just be mindful dairy has milk sugars. things you want to avoid are starches like corn, too much carrots of course sugars, anything white i.e. bread, pastas, rice, potatoes as for sweeteners i use stevia, agave syrup and natural honey i avoid artificial sweeteners and diet soft drinks as they not good for your body. i am also a mountain hiker/runner and a avid weight lifter. she doesn't have to get that extreme exercising a 30 min walk everyday should be fine if she is able. the leading cause of type 2 diabetes beside genetics is corn syrup it is in everything. also eat a lot of raw garlic, ginger root. type 2 diabetes doesn't have to be a death sentence. hope this helps. i,m trying to convince my friend with t2d to do this, but she seems to think that it means that she won't be allowed to eat anything\nso could you please tell me 20 things that she can eat? rikk sashquat me too i have had type 2 diabetes for 22 years. i'm not overweight and i have type 2. it's the food we're fed. the mass produced stuff is poison. even fresh vegetables are poisoned. lies, lies, lies. doctors like this are why so many people are not being cured of their diabetes. wfpb is the answer. carbs are not the enemy, simple carbs yes, but not complex carbs. animal protein is why so many people are sick. ........ have gmo's poisoned our food.. usa fat curve corresponds to gmo use curve..........\n..............................are carbs where all the gmo's reside............................................. her content is perfect, her presentation, terrible. be yourself, calm down. its like talking with people, neighbors and friends that what to hear what you have to say, usually. otherwise why would they be there. the most difficult thing about this is my love of breads. it is a major obstacle in my diabetic care. its not the 'carbs' - if you are talking of refined or processed junk food carbs that will cause problems. real fruits and vegetables will not cause diabetes. the fat that most shovel in to their system prevents the insulin working. stop talking about macronutrients - it hasn't worked....talk about food. real food. kudos im trying to understand what dr hallberg is actually saying. when she says to cut carbs does she mean vegetables too? when she says to cut sugar does she mean fruits too? for me this worked: http://drhyman.com/blog/author/admin/ lovely video clip! apologies for chiming in, i am interested in your thoughts. have you thought about - patlarny sugar outcome principle (do a google search)? it is a great one off guide for reversing diabetes without the headache. ive heard some decent things about it and my old buddy taylor got great results with it. thank you. you are young and thin. will it work for older and fatter hi i am type 1(insulin dependent diabetes). i am completely off insulin. at breakfast i blend these seeds into my gf oatmeal canary seed, millet, flax, black seed(black cumin)also these things as supliments- garlic, azadirachta indica-neem oil, saffron, berberine, english walnut, bitter melon.--i recommend a cocktail of all these compounds for type 1 diabetes treatment. as well as type 2 could use them during times of hyperglycemia. some of these compounds are not recommended for long term use always follow the label of anything you take. use caution if you are injecting insulin and be prepared to reduce insulin dosing eapecialy if you are still in your honeymoon phase. i am insulin free my type 1 in remission. take them every day don't miss any for at least 14 days morning and night they reduce interferon levels by interfering with pathogens reproductive cycles so consistency is vital. please pass this on its hard to get the word out. continue take antimicrobial s to keep your autoimmune condition in remission reduce and alternate them. attendez!\nvous voulez lire l incroyable histoire de comment un homme malade a reussi a inverser son diabete type 2 sans aucun medicament?\nil a decouvert comment finir avec le diabete avec une certaine combinaison specifique d'aliments, de vitamines et de mineraux et a pu profiter d'une vie plus active, plus jouissive, est plus heureuse !\nhttps://m.facebook.com/diabetes-1392390330811054/ wow! please....please do your own science-based, fact-driven, peer-reviewed research before you assign yourself to this unfounded information. once beta-cells in the pancreas have atrophied and the function is below 50% you have diabetes. you can improve pre-diabetes...you can't cure diabetes. please, just do your own research... if you are pre-type 2 you can stop it in its tracks by this simple diet switch. sadly, too many people would rather be on pills and insulin the rest of their lives that give up cookies and crap. omg! my story from a doctor's mouth: finally! i am sharing this to all who juge me, laugh at me or are impatient with me for daring to refuse medications and treat myself as i feel it should be. i since have lost 75lbs and maintaining it since 2011. i did not know that i could live without any carbs at all... it may help me lose the rest of my weight and stop the cravings once and for all. thank you so much dr. hallberg. i had yet to hear what i felt in my body & heart from a professional. it is a joyous day! i tried this to my client and his bs went down after having months of high numbers. i'm impressed. plants with carbs are, and have always been an important way to get both macro and micro nutrients into our bodies, so it's not the carbs per se that is the problem, it's the lack of fiber in said carbs (refined food like flour, rice, sugar etc) and the overconsumption of it that causes people to get sick, and you get sick from all overconsumption no matter what it is! overconsumption of protein would make you sick. overconsumption of fat would make you sick. overconsumption of vitamins and minerals would make you sick.\nmost people also eat to often/have a very short window of fasting so of course insulin levels are gonna cause problems after years and years of eating refined carbohydrates and eating frequently. fasting makes the insulin level drop naturally and let's your body use stored fat for energy and reset the endocrine system every now and then, which is not only beneficial but downright healthy!\nstay healthy people <3 also excess weight is a big factor responsible for causing diabetes.\ni can use horses as a good example; horses are made to eat grass to live, and lots of it!\nmainly, the grass breaks down to different macros and the microbiome in the horse's gut eats the grass and creates fatty acids of it that the horse in turn mainly runs it's body on.\nbut there's also sugar in grass, especially when circumstances for the grass has not been beneficial, and in an overweight horse, overconsuming this type of grass causes ems (equine metabolic syndrome) which is the exact same as in humans. they can get very sick from this insulin resistance and in worst cases the horse have to be put down after getting acute laminitis (an inflammation causing the hoof wall to break lose from the inner hoof, it's like our nails would fall off).\nof course skinny horses can get this to if they've been eating food that is too high in sugar over a long time, but it's the fat horses that are the standard cases and you should never let a fat horse eat to much grass that is low in nutrition but high in sugar!\nexercise and weight loss helps theses horses to reverse the disease after the acute symptoms have healed, and i think it's the exact same in humans; we need to lose weight in a healthy way and during that time avoiding refined carbs! great talk. i was just diagnosed with \"pre diabetes\" a week ago. this presentation is very informative. thanks great video, sarah. eating fats to slow the break down of sugars in the blood was talked about and used many years ago. good to see common sense coming back into diabetes. i love her because she is right. for further information read dr. william davis \"wheat-belly\" and dr. david perlmutter \"grain-brain\". amazing books, read them and live the knowledge therein. you'll experience a state of health both body and mind never known before. your being murdered slowly by lack of excercise , sitting for more then an hour and not standing up (a min or two on your feet wakes you up), and eating processed food. i know a person who had type mild diabetes, fearing the injections the doc promissed in 2 or three years she dumped processed food and only ate veggies and unprocessed cuts of meat. now she doesnt even need the pills anymore. very few doctors and drug companies want to reverse type 2 diabetes when they can just charge you money for meds and treatment for the rest of your life...its not their issue when your toes drop off and your kindeys and eyes fail. question i make eighteenth century common loaf whole wheat bread;\norganic. the total ingredients are wheat flower and water. i have been\non the paleo-diet for eight years and have lost a lot of weight, and\nhave been insulin free for seven years. should i drop my home made\nbread? this is total bull*!@t. they are just trading diabetes for heart disease. so bacon all day? no vegetables? shame on you doctor...check the medical research on high fat consumption of animal fats and hydrogenated oils on insulin resistance before you get on stage and make such irresponsible recommendations. grilled chicken, fish, moderate amounts of red meat, avocados, nuts, and eggs give you heart disease? no they don't. stuffing your face with junk, becoming obese, and sitting on your butt all day gives you heart disease and/or diabetes. i'm on low end benefits and eat porridge and peanut butter sandwiches because i can't afford to buy a tin off tuna or vegetables i am very thin and have very low insulin production and i take metformin three times a day i have diabetes type 2 complications and have been in hospital 3 times violently coughing and not being able to breathe because i keep regurgitating the food i eat i'm swallowing it when i'm asleep or lying down into my oesophagus i have being close to death 3 x this year these hormonal issues are likely due to obesity, not the cause of it. if you're going to push information, do so in a clear manner. shit like this is why people think wine cures cancer... i studied obesity and diabetes for 5 years at uni. i work as a life-coach and i must say that your speech is not giving people the whole picture of the situations! only a little percentage of obese people are obese or overweight because of genetic problem. more than 90% percent of obesity and overweight is caused by wrong lifestyle - let's say it directly - these people have bad eating habits, eat wrongly, more then they need, they do not move enough and are lazy to change their lifestyle because it is too comfortable.the production of insulin is higher, pancreas is exhausted, receptors are locked and insulin resistance and metaboliccardiovascular syndrom can begin ... please do not excuse obese people - it is not a disease! that is one smart lady! :) i was shocked to see that the people at ted didn't do a better job of fact checking this. it's not surprising to me that a doctor has such a loose understanding nutrition - medical schools provide extensive education but not in nutrition. her b.s. and m.s. are in kinesiology and exercise science - not in nutrition. this is very disappointing to say the least. there is no cure for diabetes but the american diabetes association has an eating plan that will get your blood sugar under control without medication within a few hours. no dr's supervision needed. i ate my first gi balanced meal and immediately discontinued medication. my blood sugar has been perfect for the last three years. google: american diabetes association, choose the section called your plate\". watch the video, read the charts, start immediately. the gi controlled eating system is safe, scientific, natural, nutritious, takes control of the blood sugar immediately, works on type one and type two alike, free of charge and easy to follow. whatever you do to get control of your diabetes i i wish you the best of luck. i don't want to live in a world without potatoes you don't need to. she is missing the point. its not the potatoes that are causing diabetes..its the butter/sour cream/oil etc on it. watch the ted talk from dr neil barnard :) then don't become a diabetic. potatoes are a suicide food for diabetics. excellent talk and right to the point. the elephant in the room is carbohydrates. see my channel and change your life instantly. four months into a ketogenic diet and i've lost 28 pounds and feel better than i have in years. absolutely spot on advice. thank you for helping to communicate the truth and for the work you do.. carbs are bad for everyone. it takes commitment and will pover to get over the craving for carbs but it can be done in a relatively short period of time. it is an addiction. is it not better than a lifetime of obesity, medications and feeling awful all the time? i think so! important to remember that there are lots of special interests that have nothing to gain and everything to lose if processed foods, starchy carbs and type 2 diabetes were removed from our so called \"modern\" society. fasting is easier. keto diets are such a logistics and social hassle, instead just doing intermittent fasting during the week or as schedule allows gets great results and combats insulin resistance even better than low carb. this bitch is full of shit. high carb low fat whole plant based foods are what you need to be eating. this bitch needs to educate herself. insane, crazed and deranged, vegan alert! go on keto diabetes is a diet primarily caused by saturated fat, not carbs. treating \"carbs\" as one thing is silly. beans are different than refined white flour. diabetes is a combination of saturated fat/transfat and refined carbs. vegans who eat mostly carbs are the thinest and have the lowest incidence of diabetes. most of the blue zones are areas where people eat large amounts of unrefined starches. funny how only vegans use this talking point. funnier still is the fact that we cut saturated fat, increased our carb intake, and diabesity (diabetes and obesity) skyrocketed. and yet, vegans are still pushing the lie that saturated fat is causing the problem. if this were true, diabetes would have been a huge problem before 1950, but it wasn't. if the this were true, diabetes should have been cured after we cut saturated fat and increased carbs in the 60s. vegans: strangers to the truth. it is now clear that doctors are full of shit, thanks ted i clicked on eric k and watched an 18 second video that scared me more than any slaughterhouse. i clicked on titan army. and what do you know? insane, crazed and deranged, vegan alert! glucose is not the only sugar. there are sugars that combine with amino acids to form the receptors on the cell membranes that are necessary for health and survival. these deteriorate within 48 hours of picking so even fresh fruit and vegetables should be eaten within 48 hours in order to ingest these important sugars. i totally agree with the fat addition. this was postulated when ' experts' formulated the low fat scenario. a prominent researcher actually contradicted the low fat scenario at the same time but was disregarded because the push for polyunsaturated oils was launched. as usual, money and the production of disease was the agenda and still is. i wish the health minded doctors who want to actually heal people would contact the tom price (hhs appointee) and let them know that things like type 2 diabetes are curable. the u.s. could save billions in health care costs. trump seems to want to actually do the right thing. that was awesome umm, low carbs can cause keto acidosis....not good? ketosis = good, ketoacidosis = bad. ketosis is when your body has ketones which it can use as fuel. i've been following a ketogenic diet (as someone with type 1 diabetes) & feel a hell of a lot better on it, as well as my blood sugars being much better. i have to be extra careful that my blood sugar doesn't go high, as that could well lead into ketoacidosis, but because of the nature of the diet, it isn't likely to go too high as long as i keep on top of my insulin injections. sorry, i meant to say ketosis, which is what happens when theres low carbs no, high blood glucose causes ketoacidosis. if you aren't eating glucose, you don't have high blood glucose. great speaker. great knowledge! people need to get on board with this new lifestyle. it works and i am living proof. both sides are wrong and right you have to take into context how much physical exercise one person does, if he does none then you go for low carb if you do a lot then you go high carb simple as that. i am living proof that it doesn't work for everyone, you try run 100-120 miles a week and see where low carb gets you. we need to stop debating which is better and start making specialised diets i,m trying to convince my friend with t2d to do this, but she seems to think that it means that she won't be able to eat anything.\nso could you please tell me 20 things that she can eat? grains aren't the same today as they were a hundred years ago. that's why it's no longer healthy. this is the first person i have ever heard who knows something of what they are talking about!!!!\ndiabetes causes obesity ... not the other way around!!!!\nnow it appears that insulin resistance is the culprit ... but if that is so, then why do insulin injections work? is the problem with the insulin my body produces? then what is wrong with my pancreas that it produces defective insulin? is it inflamed? or infected? nanobacteria?\nis diabetes another cash cow for the pharmaceutical industry? is that why they have not found the cause of this problem? they can create diabetes in their laboratory rats with a simple injection, but billions of dollars later they can't find a cause or a cure for me.\ni'll go back and listen to this girl now. maybe she has a way out of this mess that i'm in. god bless her! stay away from her clinic. this is 100% backwards - i eat a high carb low fat diet and have absolutely perfect blood panels including insulin and blood glucose levels.\nif you eat as she is recommending you will end up with a body type like she has that is literally full of fat. i would guesstimate her body fat % is about 40% if not more. meanwhile high carb low fat whole plant based vegans can have bf% well below 15-20% easily and naturally without the risk of heart disease.\nthe fat you eat is the fat you wear. what utter nonsense. the low carb people need to try science for a change. grains are bad for us.. lol! this irresponsible hack is actively promoting ignorance. no. just no. good god the food looks totally gross, too. i can't imagine a sad life of eating that way. i'm going to go eat a bunch of bananas followed by a heaping bowl of steamed potatoes, like i do every day, just at the thought of eating that way. after all, if i don't get over 2000 calories of starch a day i have a hard time staying above 150 lbs. don't tell sarah (or her crowds of meat industry fans) every cell in the body runs exclusively on glucose, and insulin resistance is caused by fat, not \"carbs\". sure, if you don't eat properly and get all your energy through ketosis, you will have abnormally low glucose levels and may, if you are lucky, never trigger diabetic reactions (and live with far lower safe energy levels in watts compared to ideal subjects). you still have massive insulin resistance on this \"diet\" but you are not eating normally enough to trigger it. you have people deluded into losing weight in a very unhealthy way. true fitness will never result from this diet. at best it's a form of starvation combined with toxic, addictive, excessive fat, excessive protein foods. advice to eat this way is flat out unqualified and misinformed.\nhere is a better place to start- nutritionfacts.org, for a whole foods, resistant starch based, super high fiber, plant based diet. take some daily b12 (b12 has always been 100% vegan), and vegan d3, you'll be fine. more than fine, you'll be optimal.\nbut yes like everything there is a downside. be ready to loose so much weight you'll have to start eating more fat to feel less self conscious about it, though personally i enjoy being trim and fit more than \"looking acceptable\" to people less fit than i am. and i'm talking about resulting from diet alone, not working out. there is no vegan d3. the vegan vitamin d is d2, which is hardly absorbable. not preaching vegan. preaching whole food plant-based. and neither wfpb nor vegans can have that muffin. it's likely got egg, milk, butter, and white sugar. none of which are friendly to wfpb or vegans. vegan preachers. veganism may work for some, but not for as many people as you think. low carb eating is kore sustainable than veganism. and vegans usually tradeoff meat to junk and processer foods, cause hey, they can eat those muffins! i like to keep it simple. eat what humans have been eating for 6000 years (based 9n environment) removing what has changed in our eating habits for the past hundred years or so and our bodies will be use food the way it was evolved to use food.\nstarch is good depending on source, carbs aren't the enemy, grain is.\nmeat, beans, veggies, fruit. no processed foods. you won't even crave cake anymore. to all of the ignorant and uneducated people out here in the internet world, you cannot be cured of diabetes. go get a nursing book or talk to your doctor. you can control your a1c and control your blood sugar but you will never be cured of diabetes. the amount of people that believe that they have been or can be \"cured\" is startling to say the least. get educated on your disease. in 40 years you'll be experiencing the nerve pain and the blindness and i'm sure you won't believe that you've been \"cured\" ignorance, complete ignorance. you cannot cure t1 diabetes, but you can cure t2 diabetes. where do you vegans get these ideas? so much for the governments of the western world pushing low fat diets (high carb) for slimming! the sugar industry was behind that flawed advice. tell em durianrider, this is all bullshit. go ride a bike or run and be serious about your lifestyle change. she's a fraud like the rest of them. ride a bike long term, you'll feel amazing. could someone shut her up... thank you for this. i've been on a ketogenic diet for over 20 years for health reasons. i live a reward-oriented lifestyle. i eat really well. over the past two years, as a result of successfully coaching people ranging from athletes to diabetics, i wrote a book. look at \"the mount olympus lifestyle\" on amazon. it may help. plant-based diets & diabetes\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/plant-based-diets-and-diabetes/\nthey wanted to break it up into vegan versus ovo-lacto like in the\nadventist-2 study, but there were no cases at all of diabetes found\nwithin the vegan group.\ncan diabetic retinopathy be reversed?\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/can-diabetic-retinopathy-be-reversed/\nthe reversal of blindness due to hypertension and diabetes with dr.\nkempner's rice and fruit diet demonstrates the power of diet to exceed\nthe benefits of the best modern medicine and surgery have to offer.\nwhat causes insulin resistance?\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/\nprediabetes and type 2 diabetes are caused by a drop in insulin\nsensitivity blamed on \"intramyocellular lipid,\" the buildup of fat\ninside our muscle cells.\ndiabetes as a disease of fat toxicity\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/diabetes-as-a-disease-of-fat-toxicity/\nthe \"twin vicious cycles\" explain how the buildup of fat in the cells of\nour muscles, liver, and pancreas causes type 2 diabetes, which explains\nwhy dietary recommendations for diabetics encourage a reduction in fat\nintake.\nwhat causes diabetes?\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-diabetes/\nsaturated fat can be toxic to the insulin-producing beta cells in the\npancreas, explaining why animal fat consumption can impair insulin\nsecretion, not just insulin sensitivity.\ndiabetics should take their pulses\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/diabetics-should-take-their-pulses/\nthere is a reason that professional diabetes associations recommend\nbean, chickpea, split pea, and lentil consumption as a means of\noptimizing diabetes control. this woman is wack! i've known dozens of people who reversed diabetes on 80% of calories from (fruit & veg, nonstarchy, no refined sugars) carbohydrates... plus the brain requires carbs, so... i'd say this woman's view is questionable. blame it on the potato again! please! i just don't get it when doctors let alone people think that potato (grains as well) is unhealthy. processed carbohydrates are unhealthy but it is totally not true for unprocessed carbohydrates, and potatoes (and many grains) are unprocessed. well actually i am vegan myself, so i respect him a lot. i might agree with some of the grains being processed like white rice, but i was just contributing some facts that other doctors have stated.\ni think we can actually eat those husks, and we choose not to eat them- they certainly are not poisonous. the reason we have to remove the husks to eat is because the grains are dried. if they were harvested and eaten right away, we could eat it like fruits. this poses the grains having a very short shelf life, so drying them gives the gains to be stored for future use. it is economically beneficial and logical to dry the grains, i would say. i guess you have a problem with big time vegan guru dr. fuhrman whose most recent book about ending heart disease says that white potatoes are worse for you than fat or animal products. yeah, grains are processed. go outside and take a bite out of wheat. oh, you can't because it's covered with a hard husk that has to be removed by processing. diabetes is reversible. try low carb for six months. discipline is the key. you can bring a1c from 8 to 7, 7 to 6!! veggies and fat only...macadamia, brazil and almond only, not more than a fist a day, with two meals a day only. it works to reduce obesity in two weeks, diabetes in six months, thyroid as well.. i went from 100 units of insulin a day, plus a bolus of 20-80 a day (and 400 blood sugar levels!!) to 195 in one week with no insulin on a ketogenic diet. insulin could not bring my blood sugar levels down, but high fat, low carbs (20 carbs or less a day) and moderate protein worked wonders. it's a hard diet to stay on, but it works. what she said here true? i have done the exact opposite, followed dr barnard's diet, hi carb, starch based diet, low fat diet and thrived. everyone i know that have followed this diet, thrived. low carb nutrition seems dangerous, which is high protein, high fat diets. whole grains, potatoes are great for us. we are designed to eat plant based foods, grinding jaw movement, saliva that only breaks down carbohydrates, long digestive tracts, etc. joe kohn are you diabetic? or insulin resistant? joe kohn\ndiets are individual! individuals respond to foods differently therefore not one size fits all ! my take away is that anything other than the standard american diet is beneficial. someone shut that bitch off!!!!! she talks like people are morons! low carb works for me... protien power by drs. eades best book i have ever read. my opinion... thanks for this great talk! studies show that animal protein causes insulin resistance because when you eat carbs you produce insulin and when you combine it with animal proteins of any type fish, eggs beef chicken you will have a bigger spike in insulin than with carbs alone. animal protein causes insulin resistance in healthy people for hours after consuming it. america is eating unlimited amounts of animal protiens. i bet most of the dislikes are clicked by pharma industry related individuals how do you know they're healthier just because they're on less insulin? one of the major complications of diabetes is cardiovascular disease, and we know that high fat is a huge risk factor for things like heart attacks and strokes. nope, it's not. it's all been a huge lie. after looking over the data, we can conclude there never was any evidence that diets high in fat or cholesterol had any effect on cardiovascular disease. in fact, we can now see that sugar and simple carbs cause heart and health problems, not fat. funny, we replaced fat with sugar, and heart disease, obesity, and diabetes all went up. so after 50 years, we checked again and found that fat was never the problem. thank you!! no carbs? that's crazy! so basically you eat high protein which will blow out your kidneys (especially in diabetic patients), and high fat which will shoot your ketones through the roof and put you in ketoacidosis. that doesn't sound like a diet i want to be on. you only get ketoacidosis if you're type i lol u should research more david c. theiss you must be a very bad listener...she did mention lchf diet is not high protein. it is moderate protein by the way, i only take 69 to 78 grams of protein per day and i'm 5'9\". with that said your kidneys are going to be fine on lchf. also, eating lcfh does not cause you to get into ketoacidosis. my ketone level usually stay in between 1.3 to 2.4 around nutritional ketosis area. after exercise might go up to 4.2 but that is still way far below than ketoacidosis danger zone. now if you are type 1 diabetics then i don't know cause i'm not. however, i would say there are lots of people out there are doing keto the wrong way and it can hurt you if you do it wrong. so again, listen carefully and learn and do keto correctly so no body gets hurt, only getting healthy. david c. theiss when your insulin is minimized, and you become keto adapted, your body will primarily use ketones for energy. if insulin is spiked, it stops the shuttling of ketones to the mitochondria. if your ketones are through the roof, your body is not utilizing them.\nregarding protein, protein intake in the us hasn't varied much over the decades. keto diet doesn't proprogate high protein, but moderate 20-25% of total calories.\ni agree with keto, though the best combination is keto and intermittent fasting(12-20hrs daily), give your body a rest. does anyone have any thoughts on these studies?\nsubstituting dietary saturated for monounsaturated fat impairs insulin sensitivity in healthy men and women: the kanwu study.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23643053\nintramyocellular triglyceride content is a determinant of in vivo insulin resistance in humans: a 1h-13c nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy assessment in offspring of type 2 diabetic parents.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10426379\nmechanisms for insulin resistance: common threads and missing links.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22385956\nmechanisms underlying skeletal muscle insulin resistance induced by fatty acids: importance of the mitochondrial function.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22360800\nveganism and its relationship with insulin resistance and intramyocellular lipid.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15523486\nlipotoxicity: effects of dietary saturated and transfatty acids.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23509418\nhigher insulin sensitivity in vegans is not associated with higher mitochondrial density.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24149445 nonchalantd sri lanka whilst it may be true - i don't know - that limiting carbs can help type 2 diabetes, it seems to me most sensible to copy diets from populations that never got type 2 diabetes: those of asia, africa, etc where the main components were starches (carbs) and other vegetables, but keep the diet very low in processed foods and minimal or ideally no animal foods. we have good scientific evidence from the adventist ii study that those with the best health outcomes ate the most plant-based (the vegans), and the more animal products introduced, the worse the health outcomes across many facets including diabetes and all-cause mortality. it's healthy, cheap, can be easy with so much support and so many good recipes nowadays, it's much kinder to our planet and to animals, and reduces the risk of food-borne disease, even has other side benefits like how our rubbish no longer stinks because there's no spoiling animal products in it. and very importantly, there's so many delicious recipes! i'm a foodie and good food is very important to me. i've eaten better since going vegan and feel better too... win-win! she knows her stuff and entertaining unlike most. i'm sure i'm pretty diabetic, thanks for education i did cure myself for a few years through a healthy diet and lots of exercise. but i stopped that lifestyle when i remarried. guess what happened...? i regained the 75 lbs i had lost and i'm now back on all my meds. by replacing unhealthy carbs with fats, i'm assuming she is talking about healthy fats like nuts and avocados and not chicken wings and margarine. nuts and avocados are pretty expensive, but i guess that it is worth it in the long run.\nthe proportion of diabetics tends to increase along lower economic classes. the people that need this diet the most are the ones least likely to afford it. i understand that food stamps limit what people can buy, so that they can only buy a limited number of items in a certain food category. 12:41 the only troublesome rule here is the third one. there are some people that never eat vegetables, so with this advice they'll eat a high protein, high fat diet that is nutrient deficient because these people will likely not eat high nutrient organ meats. if you look at her graph at 3:54, protein also causes an insulin spike, and the more you consume in one sitting, the bigger the spike. the thing about saying \"eat a low-carb diet\" to people that bothers me is that not all carbs are created equal. most vegetables don't lead to insulin spikes even though they are mostly carbs because they are low in calories.\nthe first problem with most people is that they are consuming too many refined/processed carbs: refined sugar, flours, and high calorie vegetables like potatoes/rice. second, most people are consuming too many calories considering how sedentary they are. third, they don't keep track of them and don't know how many they should be consuming. although, i don't recommend it because it is nutrient deficient, i bet that a processed carb and sugar diet would not cause diabetes in people that stayed at a caloric deficit, as you might find in places where people live on $1 per day.\noverall, i enjoyed this presentation. i have never heard of diabetic patients being told to eat more carbs. everyone i know who has diabetes has been told to eat less carbs. i don't know where this presenter got her initial info.... can anyone please tell me if in their experience eating mostly only raw veggies & sometimes sauteed has a negative affect on blood sugar? i thought i was going in a pretty good direction until i saw this. right now my numbers often show pre but mostly when i eat so called regular carbs. but also bc my blood pressure has shown pre hypertension, i now pay very close attention to salt intake. my weight is within body mass index range, i try to walk a 1/2 hour a day & i may have sleep apnea & getting that checked out before the end of february. hallelujah!\nfinally i get to hear a physician with credibility tell the world what naturopathy has been telling it for decades now.\nhopefully the rest of the chronic & non-communicable diseases can get their time in the natural healing spotlight.\nawesome talk. thanks for posting. i'm going to spread the word on this! a obesity is not a disease, it is the outcome of bad diet and is self inflicted, why is the modern human so scared to blame ? just tell them it's your fucking fault, you stuffed all that crap in your mouth over the years so your to blame and no one else, your an adult and should accept the consequences of your actions. obesity is not a disease, it is the outcome of bad diet and is self inflicted, why is the modern human so scared to blame ? just tell them it's your fucking fault, you stuffed all that crap in your mouth over the years so your to blame and no one else, your an adult and should accept the consequences of your actions. does no grains mean oats? i swapped breakfast wheat cereals for oat porridge and cut out other wheat and my fasting bloods went from 7.6 to 5.6 and with a very small amount of wheat like a few noodles or a small pie. fasting blood is low to mid 6s you have to be ignorant to follow this women's advice. it does not take much intelligence to know that eating whole food fruits and vegetable is way healthier than a diet loaded in refined oils that are void of all nutrients. @maddy- madeline\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/benefits-of-marjoram-for-polycystic-ovary-syndrome-pcos/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/best-foods-for-polycystic-ovary-syndrome-pcos/ @maddy- madeline\ncheck out this video put this in youtube search v=-j2vmxojreu the title is pcos and a vegan diet - i healed my polycystic ovarian syndrome with diet! it's girl taking about how she batted with pcos since she was 13 and how she finally cured it after she stopped listening to her dietitian and went to a whole foods plant based diet. @maddy- madeline i love how you call me bias while you completely ignore endocrine disruptors which your disease is a disease of hormone imbalance. @maddy- madeline ya the reason i exclude them is because they are so polluted with stuff like mercury hence why they tell pregnant women not to eat seafood even though they are the ones that are in the most need for those dha and epa. studies of sea food consumption has shown that the pollutant effects outweigh the benefits of the omega-3 dha and epa they provide. if you would like i can provide you with studies but i'm not going to waste my time if you're not even going to look. there's a section in the article titled hazards of low carb diets that are high in saturated fat (aka animals as that is where saturated fats comes from). so they are basically telling you if you're going to do a low-carb diet you do a plant-based low-carb diet.\ncongrats you got another person trying to regulate the symptom of diabetes high blood sugar instead of insulin resistance which is focusing on intracellular fat lipids. whole foods plant-based diet has already have been shown to reverse insulin resistance in as little as 16 days on people that were using more than 20 units of insulin for 20 years. these people actually eating loads of carbs where you actually get to see their actual blood sugar numbers and how it's reacting not restricting carbs and saying look my sugars are good well no duh cuz your not eating very many carbohydrates of course your blood sugar looks normal you're hardly eating any.\none egg is 71% of your daily cholesterol allowance and guess what dietary cholesterol affects your hormone production. and again there's a reason why they tell women who are pregnant which are the ones that require the most omega-3 dha and epa to not eat sea food because the pollutants will negatively affect the development of a child's brain, those same pollutants will affect your brain too. ddt, chlordecone, alkylphenols, and some pcbs which are oestrogen agonists. which is one of your biggest problems causing your pcos is your hormones being messed with. all these pollutants bioaccumulate in the muscle cells of animals by eating them you are getting heavier dosages of these.\n@trever bull you finally decided to read the paper but yet choose to cherry pick the article to suit your agenda. the omega 3 part is so obvious in the article it was written \"for heart health, limit foods high in saturated and trans fats (ie. fatty red meat, whole milk dairy, butter and stick margarine, chicken skin, fried foods, rich desserts, etc.). select mainly monounsaturated fats (ie. olive oil, canola oil, nuts) and omega 3 fats (fatty fish such as salmon and bluefish,flaxseed, nuts) as these fats are heart healthy.\" clearly fish is up there.\nthe article did mentioned more research needs to be done but also clearly said to start with low carb \"\nwhy don't the typical \"low-fat\" weight loss diets work?\napproximately 50 60% of women with pcos are obese. it has been shown that losing even 5% of body weight can lead to an improvement in skin, regularity of menstrual cycles and decreasedinsulinlevels. however many women with pcos experience difficulty losing weight, possibly due to high insulin levels promoting fat storage. the standard low fat high carbohydrate weight loss diet may not be the best approach for women with pcos. high intakes of carbohydrates, especially refined carbohydrates (ie. sweets, white bread, white rice, etc.) will quickly turn to sugar and cause elevated levels of insulin. since high levels of insulin can cause a multitude of problems for women with pcos, a better diet would be a low glycemic index diet. this is a diet that includes foods or combinations of foods that do not cause a rapid rise in blood sugar. the low glycemic diet will be discussed more in detail later in this article.\nhow many carbohydrates should you eat a day?\nat this point in time, i am not aware of any studies that provide data as to the recommended level of carbohydrates for a woman with pcos. should you follow a food pyramid based diet (55% of calories from carbohydrates but select mainly from whole grains), a diet which is 40% carbohydrates (ie. the zone), or a very strict diet that allows only 20% of calories from carbohydrates (ie. atkins or protein power)? in my experience, there is no one level that will work for all women. dr. walter futterweit, clinical professor of the division of endocrinology of the mount sinai school of medicine, has been working with women with pcos for 25 years. he suggests that non-obese women with pcos who get regular periods eat abalanceddiet, moderate - not excessive intakes of carbohydrates (approximately 50% of calories), and select complex unrefined carbohydrates over refined carbohydrates. an obese insulin resistant woman should consume a diet that is 40 % carbohydrates or less, depending upon the degree of insulin resistance. these are only guidelines the diet should be tailored to fit the individual person. i would suggest starting with a diet that is 40 % carbohydrates and work your way downward if need be. some subjective indicators that the diet is \"working\" are: decreased cravings and increased energy levels. some objective measures that the diet may be working are: weight loss, decreased insulin levels, regular periods. clearly, this is an area that needs to be researched.\"\nyes it does saidnot to do keto but did you see it says to tailor to individual which mentioned atkins down to 20% which is actually less than 100g per day. way below your 350g of carbs you said to take. i am very petite which is why keto is fine for me since i can eat fewer calories. would i tell someone to start off at keto, not really but low carb yes sure. it still does not contradict that low carb is better.\nalso you seem very hung up that a low carb higher fat diet must be one high in saturated fat. fyi it isn't. i already told you i dont eat red meat and processed food and that includes butter as well. most of my fat sources come from fatty fish, tuna, olive oils, avocados, coconut oil, pecans and macademias and some eggs. look at what sources of fat are those. at the same time my protein comes from lean meat mainly chicken and also tofu. fibre is from mostly green vegetables. have no idea why you keep repeating yourself telling me eat more fibre when i told you i eat lots of greens.\nintracellular fat in my muscle? eh i did not mention this but my last dexa scan shows that i have at bf% of 20.1% and my muscle mass increased by 10% thanks to weight lifting despite not losing weight.\nstill waiting for your scientific proof that 10-15% daily fat intake is optimal.\nand that 99.9% of fruit is not gmo.\nfind data to refute that 10% fat and gmo fruit otherwise i end my conversation here.\nexceedingly well summarized. so, this is the one weird trick!? the current diets that doctors and nutritionists recommend keeps diabetics diabetic. remember there is no such thing as an essential carbohydrate at last, someone talking sense watched 1st 2-3 mins only. my argument being insulin resistance can also be considered as desensitisation due to the typically high sugar diet in the western world .... sugar in bread, in milk, in savory microwave meals. or foods that change into sugar, such as starchy carbs. the best diet is the diet we had pre ww1 lots of veggies, fruit n salads, but with the variety of different types that we have access to today http://www.news-medical.net/news/20161230/diabetes-can-be-prevented-and-reversed-with-carbohydrate-restricted-diet-says-uab-expert.aspx thank you! doesn't it matter what kind of carbs we are talking about? like potatoes or rice compared to white bread and pasta those are different. the reason i bring this up is because i was always thin until i got pregnant i gained 70 lb.\ni decided to do a full strict regimen based on low fat non refined starches and exercise with lots of water or low calorie drinks like home made gatorade or crystal light ( i wouldn't recommend crystal light today and i really didn't drink that much of it). i allowed myself one time a week to eat or drink what i wanted.\nthe truth is my favorite foods and drinks made me feel absolutely weighed down, tired and even a painful achy body. i must have detoxed my body. i lost all 70lb and never felt healthier except when i was a little kid. you know all that energy you had as a kid well i had that and felt great.\ni ate the same as always but traded in some things like instead of mayo i used honey mustard the lowest fat/calories i could find. i was trying to stay at the right calorie range per day (idk what it was can't remember) so i didn't have excess calories for my size i used to be.\ni used a lot of herbs instead of fattening or salty marinades on my chicken. i would use molly mcbutter (a powdered butter substitute it disolves and tastes like butter with no fat min calories)on veggies and for moisture i'd add the lowest fat butter i could find. i never ate cheese or drank soda or junk food really.\nif i had a craving for chocolate i'd eat cinamin gram crackers cuz cinnamon took away chocolate cravings. i didn't eat past 3pm or breakfast because i'd be too full for most of the day and if i ate it i would want to eat later beyond 3pm. actually i think i ate at 3pm but no supper later than that.\nso i ate lunch and dinner and what i ate after 3pm was something sensible like a half lowfat bagle with that lowfat butter and a sugar free hot chocolate which would fill me up. hot liquids fill you up a lot. i walked or biked 5 miles a day then would do half hour or more of floor exercises like say 100 sit-ups, leg exercises and weights for arms.\none hundred sit-ups are easy. well after about 2 weeks of training, you just start low and add a few sit ups or reps a day. eventually you can do endless sit-ups i just would get bored at 100. if you want a six pack you need at least 200 i was told by some body builder guy. i had a nice shape and was toned up, in better shape than ever and healthy in one year. i ended up at some point with a winter flu and stopped exercing i didn't gain any weight but i started feeling crappy again and weighed down with less energy and tone, i became unhealthy and unmotivated again. now i'm old and fat with arthritis and most likely diabetes hence being here. lol--- sorry for the book! amazing vid this it total nonsense. in this talk. we are missing fibre . i'm a carbivore and 5'2 and 110lbs, healthy af with 122 cholesterol level. low carb is bull shit. your shit must smell fucking foul with all the dead body parts you eat. i feel bad for all the janitors in your clinic. to facilitate quick weight loss and more importantly healing of diabetes and much more, check out the science -- http://nutritionfacts.org/video/reversing-diabetes-with-food/ a free public service -- nothing is for sale!\nthanks huai for your help in spreading the \"science of health\"! diabetes is of course 90% of the time just a dietary disease and any \"diet\" that removes junk food such as refined grains - white flour, breads, pastas, and cakes is going to help diabetes but to also help w/ our # 1 killer heart disease; we must study closer and optimize even further. nutritionfacts.org is a free public service sharing only the science of health = here's a few short studies to help w/ your health journey. it's a pleasure to share it and i hope you'll enjoy it as much as i! http://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-diabetes/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/diabetes-reversal-is-it-the-calories-or-the-food/ another post coming dedicated to you li-e. thanks for helping! http://nutritionfacts.org/video/diet-or-exercise-whats-more-important-for-weight-loss/ here's a helpful link that's just a few minutes long sharing a multitude of scientific sources and information to help w/ diabetes and much much more. a free public service. nutritionfacts.org = http://nutritionfacts.org/video/why-is-meat-a-risk-factor-for-diabetes/ there was once a medication on the market against cardiac arrhythmia. after it had been used by people for years they did a study and found out that while they indeed had less arrhythmic events they died more often. so why am i telling this story? because it shows how it is completely irrelevant what the truth of the day is and how some values on a chart go down or up, or if the pounds on the belly do. the results show years later and the only ones that matter are morbidity and mortality. and then you need someone who isnt keen on doing a tedtalk but someone who rather sits in his office without ovations and designs valid epidemologic studies. yep. turns out, when people replace saturated fat with veggie oil, they die more often. turns out when people replace fat with carbs, their health declines and they die earlier. just look at nina teicholz bmj article. amazingly enough, the diet that everyone ate when there was only real food (higher on fat and protein, no processed carbs) was healthy and our gov't decided they didn't like that because there are billions of dollars at stake if people don't buy corn, soybeans, wheat, and other grains. so where is the long term prospective multicentered randomized study and years of real life follow up to prove her points, especially regarding diabetes being stricly a dietary issue and fat being great and low carb the solution to t2d? because the lady in the clip is so convinced of what she is saying i assume she must have that study. anyone seen house of lies where doug gets a tedtalk? free scientific information for in depth review. no opinions or conjectures but just the science being shared from the prominent resources in the world -- harvard, oxford, yale etc. check out nutritionfacts.org = http://nutritionfacts.org/video/how-may-plants-protect-against-diabetes/ spam, spam, spam, spam, spam... omg. didn't expect to hear such a bs! its like treating allergy to apples by not eating them :). congratulations to this brilliant doctor. i am just sorry for her patients... fat is the root cause of insuline resistance. yeah, how about that? you're allergic to something, you shouldn't eat it. what a crazy thought. @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch\nwe agree: fat does not cause insulin resistance. i gave the title of a study that showed even saturated fat did not cause insulin resistance. so even saturated fat is questionable.\nwe agree: fat does not cause insulin resistance as you showed a diet high in mufa improved insulin sensitivity. so we agree, a high fat diet can improve insulin sensitivity and does not cause insulin resistance.\ndon't know why you want to argue when we both agree: fat does not cause insulin resistance. so the diet dr. halberg recommends is a very good one and does everything she says it does. why have you been fighting all this time when you agree? and we both agree @***** is completely wrong. why aren't you arguing with him/her? @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch\nnope, wrong on all counts. your argument is not of any important: this thread is a debate that says fat causes insulin resistance. my argument is that fat does not cause insulin resistance. if you wish to change the argument, create a new thread. changing the argument after you've been proven wrong is silly.\nso your argument is that saturated fat causes insulin resistance. your study did not do well to prove that, as it was not a high fat diet. the study i linked showed saturated fat does not increase insulin resistance. so there are flaws in that argument.\nif you want to argue that a diet of more than 35% saturated fat may cause insulin resistance, then fine. i don't have much argument against that. i see no one recommending such a diet, as i know i do not.\nand i know that kale does not cause insulin resistance. anyone who says it does is a fool. i have told people time and again to eat copious amounts of kale, spinach, cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, and every other kind of real food, low-carb veggie. my argument is and has always been that sugar and processed carbs are the worst, and carbs combined with fat cause insulin resistance.\nmy other arguments are irrelevant to this thread. people try to conflate 10 different arguments in one thread when i am only making one: that fat does not cause insulin resistance. the evidence that only saturated fat causes insulin resistance is weak, at best, as it's always combined with copious amounts of carbs. again, i don't recommend a diet high in saturated fat (35% or more calories from saturated fat).\nseems like we agree and there's no more need to argue :) @huai li fat is too broad a term.\nmy argument was never that all fat causes insulin resistance. what you're doing is known as a straw man fallacy.\n\"saturated fat causes insulin resistance.\"\nthis is what i know for a fact. it's the other person who said fat in general, either he means saturated fat too or he has research i haven't seen.\nyour argument is that eating too much kale is the main cause of heart disease. yet you have provided no proof for this. she says to eat fat in place of excess carbs, but what if you have a poor gallbladder? i have to eat low fat to avoid gallbladder symptoms :/ there's no winning watch the ted talks from dr neil barnard , dr mc dougall, dr esselstyn, .. :) low fat is the healthiest spot on, i have been on the keto diet for three weeks and the results are shocking, down 12lbs without even trying to cut calories, increased energy, better sleep, and much better blood sugar control. i have had reactive hypoglycemia for over 30 years and now you would not even know i ever had it. 30-40gr of carbs a day from my veggies and greens (yes i eat a lot of them) one or two small portions of meat, and lots of fats. sounds crazy as hell but after trying everything from adkins to vegan i can tell you that there is nothing better for blood sugar control. sure it has not been without issue, i had to learn to cook with a completely different focus, the first couple days were rough on the digestive system, and i did get the keto flu for three days but it was absolutely worth it. strangely i don't miss sugar, the only things i actually miss are grapefruits and sweet potatoes. i might be able to work a few of them back in once i get back to a 30 inch waist :) (warning, long rant)\ni was diagnosed as a diabetic (type ii) when i had to go to the er for a totally different emergency: severe acute pancreatitis. it was there that it was found out my blood glucose was 800. they did an a1c, it came back a 10! i was in the hospital for 10 days both for the pancreatitis and the fact that they had to administer insulin thru an iv to bring my sugars back down to normal. but since i had pancreatitis and i could not eat, i lost 25 pounds in two weeks, and have continued to lose weight since having to alter my diet to accomodate both for the diabetes and the pancreatitis, i went on to lose another 15 lbs from nov 3rd to today.\nbut my point is this: i also must adhear to low fat eating due to risk of relapse of pancreatitis. i'm limited to 30g of fat per day, as far as carbs, i get about 80g per day from a combination of 1 potatoe w fruits & vegetables and pico de gallo, or half a cup brown rice w/ fruit and vegetables & pico de gallo. (or half a cup of corn, or half cup beans..etc...) protein coming from chicken breast, or fish (tilapia) the plate is literally full with all those items. i basically eat the same thing every day, 2 to 3 times a day. but despite that fact, its very low in calories.\nto up the calories sometimes i eat two pieces of chicken, or two tilapia filets. it's kinda hard to get a high calorie count with fruit and vegetables, and if fat is limited (as in my case) where else can the calories come from? i simply don't know how to get to maintenance calorie count (to prevent continued weight loss) if i can't intake the extra carbs, or the fats. i'm lucky to hit 1k calories for the day on any given day. im aware this is low cal, but nutrient dense and should try to get to 1400 calories, i just don't know how? get a wheel barrow and fill it with broccoli? i have to avoid fats to avoid a relapse of pancreatitis (acute) i also avoid bread, and i drink water with every meal and thru out the day.\nbut the silver lining of all this? doctors assumed i would need insulin for 3 months after being released from the hospital. (stayed from oct 3 to nov 3, 2016) i didn't last three days at home giving my self insulin before i woke up one morning and my blood glucose was 55. from that day forward i didn't take insulin ever again (no oral med either) and my blood sugar has consistently been in the 70's 80's range, and maybe once or twice a week it will be in the 90's, and about 3 times in a two month period it has read 69, and 67 a couple of times. i asked my gi doc how this was possible, and she said, you lost your belly over night, and the diabetes got lost with it. lol.\nthe majority of morning glucose readings are closer to 70 rather than 80. i don't know if my diabetes is in the so called \"honeymoon period\" and it's gonna just come back to haunt me in a few weeks after 2/3 months are up. my primary care doctor said my morning blood sugar readings are better than his non-diabetic patients. at one point he even said , \"i honestly do not believe you are a diabetic\", this of course was something he said prior to being faxed my paperwork for my er stay, revealing the a1c of 10.0 (does anyone know what the average blood glucose is with an a1c of 10 is? i didn't ask my doc lol), which left him in an even more state of disbelief, given my morning, mid-day, and bed time readings, they are always in the 70-90's range, no medication. the only time ive seen even 115, is two hours after a meal (via the white potato, not the brown rice), which means by the 4 hour mark i'm back in the sub 100's, usually 88,89 range.\nsince oct 23rd 2016 (day 1 in the hospital, came home nov 3rd) my starting weight at time of emergency w/ pancreatitis was 200lbs @ 5'6'', weight as of today, dec 20th 2016: 162 lbs. (this being a combo result of the initial effects of pancreatitis that left me unable to eat for the first 10 days, and the remainder of november i was slowly regaining my appetite eating nothing but campbells vegetable soup and sleeping the majority of the time. thanksgiving day was the first day i could eat a whole plate of food and its been meals as ive described above ever since nov 25th) it's like my body has no choice but to keep losing weight.\nwhat does this mean? that weight loss, above all, may be the key to reversing diabetes type ii, and maintaining that loss through good eating habits may hopefully keep the condition in remission. has anyone else had a similar experiencing with reverse their diabetes immediately upon weight loss, and ditching their meds? or wose yet, has anyone experienced this remission, only to have it come back even though you've lost weight and maintained a healthy diet? henry lozano interesting i hope this helps - i am curious to know if your pancreatitis is due to having gull stones? the reason i ask is because during my first pregnancy, during the last trimester, i had gull stones and they were passing during my pregnancy. not knowing what labor pain was, i thought i was in labor and ran to the emergency room. after a few nights of the same pain and going back to the er one nurse remembered me and decided to take interest in me. she researched her medical book, 1999 - not so much internet use. anyway, she came back with a theory that i may have gull stones and i am passing them. we couldn't do anything about that until after labor. well, two weeks after delivering my child i was still in pain. i was asked to stop eating greasy goods. i was made to feel as though all i ate was junk. not true. i ended up only eating lettuce one night and even that made me have pain. i decided to go to the er again and told them how much pain i was having and my history and the surgeon would not operate until at least a month from then. they took blood work which showedi developed pancreatitis. my enzymes had been elevating more and more when i went to the er. that the surgeon decided to take my gull bladder out which instantly decreased pancreatitis. it has nothing to do with fatty foods in my opinion. it turns out it runs in my family and at the time i had not idea since i lived oversees away from my family. i no longer have pain but fatty foods - mostly processed foods, give me the runs since my gull bladder is no longer there to produce the bile needed. hope this helps and it is worth asking about. i was told that when we have emotional issues, we tend to become depressed. at the time i thought that person was crazy but after i had my baby, i realized that i was depressed and i missed my family so much, hence the depression. find out if there is something in your life that is bothering you. it could be simpler than you think. for me it was homesick, but for you it could be different. just some thoughts. hope this helps you. best of wishes and a happy new year. really great insights she should have mentioned that complex carbs like vegetables are essential coz the provide a whole lot micro and macronutrients. whereas fat is concerned eat only good fats like almonds,walnut, avocado,flax seeds. and don't eat red meat. go for lean meat. exercise daily and eat in proportions. according to huai li toxins like cadmium must be seen as nutrients. lol red meat is perfectly healthy. organ meat and skeletal muscle both have more nutrients than any vegetable. this lady is a total fraud. proof? or does what she say contradict your faith, therefore her heresy must be condemned? so bias, animal foods high in saturated fat and cholesterol makes you fat and diabetic. yet vegans have the lowest rates of diabetes. that must be a coincidence. confounding! right? this information goes against what dr. mcdougal teaches...who is right? yeah! what about those harvard studies showing fish proteins increase aa mortality rates. i guess they just made that up! she is. mcdougall has no studies, science, data, or evidence to support his faith. it's completely faith based. i love his vid where he explains why omega-3 fatty-acids aren't so important: \"fish are so beautiful. if i'm supposed to eat omega-3s, that means i have to kill and eat these beautiful creatures. that feels wrong.\" why, there's so much science behind that statement, who could ever doubt him! consuming green leafy vegetables, meaty vegetables in moderate proportions, and low glycemic fruits along with fish and chicken with occasional beef is the best way i know to remain healthy. olive oil and a vinegar on salads and reasonable butter on those vegetables if they are hot as the primary fat source rounds out the plan. i find the majority of people i speak with about food regimens, very touchy subject, only regard grains as carb. they have no idea about fruits and vegetables as a much better source of carbohydrate. i would have wished the speaker had addressed this critical point directly. in terms of reversing diabetes and enhancing general health, there is nothing better than the \"fizo amazing plan\" (google it). this change in your daily diet and way of living is no hassle like card or calorie counting. thanks to a change to plant based living, i'm no longer diabetic or hypertensive and i have lost 60 pounds!! it is indeed possible to reverse diabetes! that voice.... while it's true a high fat diet helps reduce blood sugar, it makes insulin resistance worse. according to recent research, it is fat that initially causes the insulin resistance: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2011/08/110814141432.htm vegan logic: people who are already fat are insulin resistant. so that means eating fat causes insulin resistance.\" just proves once again that vegans don't understand how science works.\neven better: we fed mice a high-fat diet...yeah, because a)humans aren't mice, and b) a mouse's natural diet is not high fat.\nnext, you'll tell me you fed meat to a rabbit, which damaged the rabbit's health, thus proving that meat is bad for humans. oh wait, that's a very important study that vegans use all the time. and then vegans wonder why nobody takes them seriously and thinks they don't understand science. gosh! i live in spain and my diabetes meds cost the equivalent of under $50 per year. they're resistant because they overeat unhealthy food and sit around all day. not because they were born like that . lol wtf this lady has no idea what she is talking about. i can't believe in this day and age people still believe potato and rice makes you fat and gives you diabetes. fascinating study max. i've tried dr. hallberg's strategy for one month and my fasting blood glucose reading has dropped an average of 20 points. i've also lost 10 pounds of center body fat. actually, fat clogs insulin receptors. check out the starch solution. amazing! you found a study that shows rodents, which do not naturally eat a high-fat diet, become insulin resistant on a high-fat diet. now watch as a feed a lion straw. proof that a high-carb diet is harmful to humans! oh wait, that would be bad science.\nso, have you any studies on humans? i see you say \"decades of studies\" when you have none. i do have dozens of studies showing that people who go on a high-fat diet improve their insulin sensitivity.\nbut i'm glad to see you're just like every other vegan. you have no good evidence, but very strong faith.\n@joe bowman except there's not a single piece of scientific evidence to support this belief. but vegans hate science, so that doesn't affect their faith one iota. at least, not ingested fat. if you are fat or becoming fat, there's some truth to this. but that happens if you eat starch in excess anyway.\nnow, there are many studies showing that a high fat diet helps improve insulin sensitivity this talk should not be about low carb, but about going grain free. i agree with the grain free part, but in my experience, fat is the actually the problem with both diabetes and candida. sarah's body type is the same as mine was until i cut fat to 5-10% of my calories. the body can't heal itself if it is expending all it's energy digesting fats. all that fat around the lower extremeties of her pear shaped body is an indication that her hormones are way out of balance. cutting fat and eating a high fruit/leafy green diet has caused my own body proportionsto come into balance. sounds right, where in the world are all your peers and the usa dietitians? are they old school, not up to speed? jdh people that overthink their presentation preformance are sooooo annoying. i don't understand that some type 2 diabetics get relief from a high fat low carb diet and some from a high carb low fat plant based diet. i know ofa few people who have reversed their diabetes completely with the high fat low carb diet and high carb low fat plant based. scientists need to know why both work @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch\nstrange. in one breath, you praise studies of correlation as the best studies in the world. next, you call a study on correlation that disagrees with your beliefs \"anecdotal\". i wish you vegans had a shred of scientific integrity. are observational studies good or not? i maintain they are not, though they can often show us lack of causation. for example, when 6 of the 7 blue zones eat lots of animal products, and are the longest lived peoples on earth, it shows that animal products are not causing health problems. lack of causality. @huai li\ndan buettner\n/watch?v=isumseisxxa\nthey all eat high-carb diets. whole grains.\n20% of their diet at most was fat, almost all vegetable fat. @huai li do you want a list of longest lived people who smoke? because i can provide that. you come with weak anecdotal claims. your cognitive function is seriously impaired. as high-fat diets do, they impair cognitive function. @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch\nexcept we both know that most blue zones are not plant-based, high-carb, or even low-carb. they eat plenty of animal products, so they aren't vegan (except a small subset in loma linda). so if 6 of 7 longest lived peoples in the world eat animal products, it's obviously not animal products causing disease. more proof that this is correct: \"short term weight loss and hepatic triglyceride reduction: evidence of a metabolic advantage with dietary carbohydrate restriction.\"\nhepatic triglycerides decreased more on a low-carb diet than on a low-calorie diet, while weight loss was similar. all improved health markers were proportional to decrease in hepatic triglycerides. thus, low-carb diets improve health and reverse nafld better than cutting calories. dee rasta look up \"net carbs\" in the ketogenic diet. lets say a vegetable has 8g of carbs but 5g of fibre. your \"net carbs\" for that serving would be 3g. its your carb number minus your fibre number equals your net carb number. this is how you keep track of carbs on keto for vegetable, which is how i keep net carbs under 30g for the day. iv had big success with keto while not being able to exercise. (herniated discs from car accident.) veggies don't raise blood sugar that much and potassium and nitrate rich vegetables should help with blood pressure too. none of the vegetables you mentioned should be problematic. i assume when you add mushrooms to the raw salad that at least the mushrooms are cooked? question. since the end of last year i have made it a point to mostly eat only vegetables & a lot of them. daily example (raw salad of), lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, red peppers, carrots, walnuts, avocado, cilantro, 2 boiled eggs & tuna. i feel disciplined so this year so far i've removed the tuna & egss. i have added spinach. to incorporate garlic, lately i've been sauteing the veggies all together for one of my meals. is this considered to many carbs? there's so much info out there. also blood pressure is in my family & i've seen an increase in mine as well as blood sugar so i'm just trying to over all take the sugar & salt down to extreme low numbers. i wonder am i going in the wrong direction for blood sugar with all the veggies. if they improve health so much then why do low-carbers die so much younger? why does low-carb increase ldl cholesterol after weight-loss? she is preaching, i do admire the way she talks and the best of all, it is the plain truth. asthe saying goes: \"let your food be your medicine\" why is she pretending that what she is saying is so extraordinary, she's saying stop being a fat fuck and diabetes will go away. no shit, we've known this since the beginning of time. seriously it's that simple stop being a fat fuck. has it ever been proven to work in even a single study? spoiler alert: no. she's saying you should eat fat and cut carbs to fight disease, which is the exact opposite of what we've been told by the gov't for the past 50 years or so. it's also the opposite of what is considered common medical advice: cut fat to fight heart disease is the normal way of thinking. eating fat to fight heart disease is revolutionary. ted.com is designed for a 15 to 20 minute speech for anyone who has a point they think needs to be known...this is a good one.....i lost 12 lbs once in 10 days from illuminating carbs and not reducing fat intake...this is worth watching if her advice helps you, that is great. but i suggest you watch other videos & read other articles and make up your own mind about what foods raise insulin the most. meat and fish spike insulin more than white pasta does for example. pick your poison. i'd rather have neither. simple: fat doesn't raise or need insulin. only carbs and some proteins (but mostly carbs). thank you for this excellent video .you make the whole thing very understandable. i appreciate it. just a question; fat isn't the problem .so, what about margarine & butter? thank you! *huai li, not huan - i apologize i was advised in '95 to eat a high protein, low \"bad\" carbs and fats, high veggies and low fruits type meals - along with no sodas/colas/pops and unsweetened teas all of this because of family history (both sides) of type 1 & 2 diabetes. i have followed that diet plan since then, and have been tested every year since then no diabetes. all because of the proper way for me to eat - huan li is correct about margarine and some oils. @huai li according to you smoking does not cause cancer because it has never been proven in a rct. that's not science.\nyou also don't know that studies adjust. why according to your obviously diseased mind does meat correlate so well with other unhealthy lifestyle behaviors? @trever bull\nyou are correct. too bad it's nowhere near as cut and dried as that. do me a favor: eat lots of cane sugar, bread, stop exercising, drink lots of alcohol and start smoking. now see if abstaining from animal products keeps you healthy. we know it doesn't.\nyet, that is the very arguments vegans make. vegans exercise, don't drink, don't smoke, cut processed foods, see the doctor often, make tons of healthy life choices, and abstain from animal products. they then compare themselves to people who drink a lot, smoke, don't exercise, eat lots of junk food, and eat animal products. then they wonder why we don't think it's a fair comparison.\nyour analogy would work more accurately this way: we compared people who eat meat and smack themselves in the foot every day using a hammer with people who didn't eat meat and didn't smack themselves in the foot with a hammer every day. those who abstained from meat had less foot pain. proving that animal products cause health issues. you ignore the cause of the problem (hitting one's foot with a hammer) with what it's associated with (eating meat). the only fair comparison would be comparing those who hit their foot with a hammer and eat meat with those who hit their foot with a hammer and abstain from meat. but vegans run from this comparison because it proves their diet provides no benefits. @huai li\nif you watch 100 people hitting them self in the foot with a hammer and those 100 people had higher rates of broken feet than average people would it not be safe to say there is a correlation between them hitting them self with a hammer and how often they got a broken foot. wow. great job! it is really nice to see doctors approaching diseases with natural ways like the change in dietetic habits. true \"no such thing as an essential carbohydrate\". what about fiber?? 97% of americans are deficient. the more you eat, the less disease you get (diabetes, heart disease, breast cancer, ...). kinda essential. siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch point me the study where lowcarbers are set to die young. @eric k then why do lowcarbers die younger? what about high cholesterol, high methylglyoxal levels?\n@siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch so let's see. you are diagnosed with pre-type 2 diabetes. you do what dr. hallberg says to do and within four weeks your blood levels are normal.\nand then you continue eating this way. so what would you expect the adverse long-term effect of minimal grains and minimal refined sugars in your diet?\nplease fill me in. i can't wait for your answer. let's see. carbohydrate deficiency? no such thing. hmm.... any clinical studies to prove long-term effects of low-carb? nah? didn't think so. any clinical studies to support this? or just observational? https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc507380/pdf/972859.pdf\nin conclusion, contrary to the classical mechanism of free fatty acidinduced insulin resistance as proposed by randle etal. (2, 27, 28) in which free fatty acids exert their effect throughinitial inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase, we found that elevation in plasma free fatty acid concentration causes insulin resistance by inhibition of glucose transport and/or phosphory-lation with a subsequent reduction in rates of glucose oxida-tion and muscle glycogen synthesis.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10334314\nin conclusion, the lack of an initial peak and the early decline of muscle g-6-p concentrations suggest that even at physiological concentrations, ffas primarily inhibit glucose transport/phosphorylation, preceding the reduction of whole-body glucose disposal by up to 120 min in humans.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10027589\nthese results show that intramyocellular lipid concentration, as assessed non invasively by localized 1h nmr spectroscopy, is a good\nindicator of whole body insulin sensitivity in non-diabetic, non-obese humans.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/0010480616\nwe conclude that lowering of elevated plasma ffa levels can reduce insulin resistance/hyperinsulinemia and improve oral glucose tolerance in lean and obese nondiabetic subjects and in obese patients with type 2 diabetes. no but i'd be curious about your blood work. triglycerides especially. hdl/triglyceride ratio is imperante.\nalso. do you consume industrial seed oils by chance? i assume you don't. just curious.\nand there is a small percentage of the population, 25%?, that would do well on an ornish type / high carb diet.\nfor everyone else, esp someone who's already highly insulin resistant and diabetic then no, a high carb vegetarian diet or whatever would not be my first recommendation, not to a person like that, in my opinion @huai li\nwhere the fuck do you think that fat came from hello lipids such as cholesterol, cholesteryl esters and triglycerides are stored in your body primarily in specialized fat cells called adipocytes, which comprise a specialized fatty tissue called adipose tissue.glucose is stored in the cells so that it is available for quick shots of energy. excess glucose is stored in the liver as the large compound called glycogen.\nthe reason you get improvements in insulin sensitivity on a keto diet is because you have put your body into starvation mode which make it eat its self for energy. so yes a keto diet is going to improve insulin sensitivity because it is clearing out all that fat blocking your cells from allowing insulin transport. the problem with the keto diet is it has not taught people the correct way of eating so the second they come out of ketosis they are going to start storing all that fat they are eating. hens why keto is well know as a yoyo diet everyone i have met that tried keto lost mad weight but after they get to the weight they want they get off ketosis. they have not learned anything about healthy eating so all the weight just comes right back and most even gain more than they started at bc they are eating much more fats than they use too. the problem is if your not in ketosis your body will store the fat your eating its as simple as that.\nso show me that 2012 study showing instead of just talking out your ass. @joseph d\ni have no blood sugar spikes. i eat a diet of just whole food plants which happens come out to around 75% carb. 2400cal x .75= 1800 cal / 4 = 450g carb. are you claiming that a diet of fruits and veggies is going to give me diabetes. do you understand how dumb that sounds your claiming fruits and veggies will make me sick.\nthe problem is refined carbs are bad like sugar and everyone just lumps all carbohydrates together. yes if was eating a bunch of refined carbs then there would be a problem. may i ask why do you ingest 450g of carbs a day? that seems excessive...unless you're running 10-15 miles a day, the amount of carbs you're taking in is most likely, causing damage. even ultramarathon runners and endurance athletes have been known to get diabetes later in life due to all the excessive carb-loading. wow, what are your blood sugars like? @trever bull\nthe point is that your argument makes no sense, as you are blaming fat that is already stored in the muscles. nowhere does the study say or prove where this fat came from. now, every study of a low-carb, high-fat diet shows that it's superior at fat-loss compared to low-fat and low-calorie diets. therefore, a lchf diet does not cause insulin resistance. in fact, every study proves it improves insulin sensitivity. pretty easy to do, you just do a glucose tolerance test or some variation of it and see how people on a low-carb diet react. it's always superior compared to other diets.\nalso, your study is from 1999. there is a follow-up study from 2012 that says that study is now mostly debunked. greger didn't mention that, did he? because he's a fraud who cherry-picks studies meant to confuse and obfuscate, not educate. i am type 2 diabetic, i was on low carb diet for 6 months. as a result i have brain fog, extreme forgetfulness, (can't remember where i going, faces i used to know,) low energy, heart damage, hunger. feel free to do what works for you. however, most people will tell you that unless you are going on a ketogenic diet, you can vary the amount of carbs you eat until you get comfortable. especially if it's in the form of real food, not bread or cereal. feel free to eat some apples or bananas. or choose a different diet. only you know your body. i'd recommend you look at \"the perfect health diet\" by paul jaminet. it's fairly low-carb, but higher in carb than a traditional low-carb diet, and it's to help people who can't handle traditional low-carb with the same benefits. i did lose weight and my a1c went down. however when i ate carbs again i felt great and full of energy. but i gained the weight back and a1c increased. shitty advice aside, diabetes type 2 is the fault of the patient and their associates, plain and simple i wish i could hug this woman. she is so real and she has said what i have found out for myself over the last decade. well done!!! further evidence that dr. pogozelski is telling the truth: the bmj had an independent review of nina teicholz's article agreed that there is little to no evidence that a diet high in fat or saturated fat causes any health problems, and that low-fat, high-carb diets are not supported by evidence based practice. combine that with the many studies showing a high-fat, low-carb diet improves insulin sensitivity and shows greater weight loss than a low-fat diet and we've got all the science. low-fat diets lead to more fat-loss whereas low-carb diets lead to more muscle loss. what about type 1 diabetes or childhood diabetes, will this help there as well? her idea of no sugar, well dessert is a big thing at christmas at our house. does that mean that the person who going to do this treatment will not be able to enjoy it with the rest of us? or can holidays be an exception? @abhijit banerjee\nt1 diabetics don't need insulin to keep the body from producing insulin. t1 diabetics need insulin so their body can absorb glucose/carbs. t1 diabetics require insulin to stop the body producing too much ketone levels in the body.\ncheesecakes, made at home from real cheese are good deserts; there are keto chocolates too many people choose to use substitutes like erythritol or stevia for sweets, and almond powder or tiger-nut powder in place of flour. it's up to the individual, but people with t1 diabetes have a high mortality rate when they only rely on insulin to keep themselves healthy. many people would do well to abstain from carbs regardless. in fact, most people, diabetic or not, would do well to abstain from junk food and embrace real food. those who are healthy are able to get away with cheats now and then without fear of permanent damage. diabetes is forever. anyone who says it can be cured is a dr. oz doling out scripted advice for the money. but yes, it can be controlled. this video is fairly good except for the infomercial-esque presentation style. i disagree with the definition of \"cured = cannot come back.\" i can have pneumonia, be \"cured\" and get pneumonia next year. if this is the definition used, then \"cured\" can never be used. i can have a broken leg, let it mend, and break it later. so we're quibbling over a fine definitions of \"cured\".\nif your cells are no longer insulin resistant, then i would say you are \"cured\", but if we want to use the term \"controlled\" or \"reversed t2 diabetes\", then fine, i won't argue too much. @littleathquakes\nagain, i've only heard this about t1 diabetes. you can completely, 100% reverse t2 diabetes. if your cells react to insulin like a normal person, then you are no longer insulin resistant. that means you don't have t2 diabetes. doesn't mean it can't come back if you start eating junk again for a while.\nt1 diabetes cannot be cured or reversed, but there can be a honeymoon period where you don't need insulin. it will end. your beta-cells are gone, the problem is for life and can only be managed. huai li t1 & t2 cannot be reversed. once you have it, it's yours for life. you can only manage diabetes. people like this ted talker are thinking they are reversing diabetes but it's actually what is called the honeymoon phase of diabetes where you temporarily reverse. but its just that :-temporary. t2 diabetes can be reversed. as it's a problem of insulin sensitivity, it can be cured. t1 diabetes cannot be cured, as it's about beta-cells that produce insulin are gone. jeez! the sound of that voice; it's like fungernails being scraped on a blackboard.\nmust read about her work, because i cannot listen to those sounds. i watched your video 3 months ago. i was diagnosed by my doctor as diabetes type 2. my ac1 was 7.2 and i was taking 1000 mg of metformin per day. i cut the carbs out. after seeing my daily blood glucose dropping right away, i also cut the metformin. i am now totally off metformin and my ac1 has dropped to 5.8, and my evening an fasting blood glucose are now consistently under 100 per day. thank you so much for your video. john, you made that statement, right at the very start of this conversation. huai li absolutely!!! bang on. @huai li \"confounds are things that are often indirectly being measured in observational studies because variables are not controlled. \"\ngr8 english m8.\nsugar is vegan. since when isn't sugar vegan?\nsince when aren't processed foods vegan?\nsince when do you have to exercise to be vegan? since when do these \"confounds\" as you call them exist in observational studies without having any adjustment for them?\n\"a-to-z diet\"\nwhat is an a-to-z diet? @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch\nno, we know observational studies are worthless because that's the hierarchy of science. observational studies are barely better than anecdotal studies. when observational studies are tested in a clinical setting, they are proven false 90% of the time. this is because of the fact that we know correlation cannot prove causation and observational studies are full of confounds.\nhere's a remedial science lesson for you vegans out there: confounds are things that are often indirectly being measured in observational studies because variables are not controlled. consider vegan observational studies: vegans cut out sugar, cut out processed foods, exercise a lot, are health conscious in many areas of their life, see doctors more often, have more money than the average person, don't smoke, don't drink, and avoid animal products. these vegans are compared to people who eat meat, don't exercise, smoke, drink, make a host of bad health decisions, and eat lots of junk food. vegans then declare the reason vegans live longer is because of animal products.\nif vegans want an accurate study, they need to find vegans who smoke, drink lots of alcohol, eat lots of sugar, and don't exercise, and compare them to the average person.\nbut there's another huge problem with observational studies: food questionairres are notoriously worthless. imagine someone sent you a survey that asked you how man servings of beef you ate in the last 5 years? how much corn did you eat in the last 5 years? spinach? canned veggies? you have no idea, and neither does anyone else. so people just make up numbers. it's not like anything happens when they lie.\nso you see, the scientific validity of observational studies is poor, not because i don't like them, but because science says so. clinical studies will always be superior. the only clinical studies we have on the vegan diet is dr. barnard's 3 studies that showed a vegan diet kinda sucks, and the a-to-z diet that showed a vegan diet kinda sucks. vegans are free to conduct their own study, but they know better. every clinical study shows that a vegan diet kinda sucks. it's better than a diet where you eat junk food all day. another low-carber who thinks observational studies are worthless because it shows they die younger. how anti-scientific to disregard the field of epidemiology entirely because it doesn't fit your cultist views. i think that wonderful vegan who wished death upon me blocked me. just ask him for some science to support his beliefs. i bet he gives you observational studies. vegans love them because they are weak and cannot prove causation. each time a vegan tries to prove their diet is good with clinical studies, they fail. a vegan diet is pretty weak compared to a good diet that includes animal products. if you doubt, look up dr. barnard's studies on t2 diabetes. he claims he \"reversed t2 diabetes\", but his studies showed his vegan diet was no better than his control ada diet. three times this happened. i'd pay cash to see this lady on a debate panel with dr. barnard or mcdougall who are reversing diabetes via hi carb/low fat diet, amazing! yep, vegan 30 years, now high carb too, never met any vegans with diabetes, even those of us which live off vegan \"junk food\". same with blood pressure, mine is 90/66. no meds. just carbs x she would never accept. science is clear and she is corrupt. @leif d\nso you've read his studies? if you have, you know each study proved that a vegan diet did not reverse t2 diabetes, and was no better than his control diet each time.\nbut you are vegan, it's a religion to you. why read studies when you don't believe them unless they agree with your faith. you have faith, and that's enough. faith that meat is murder.\nplease, tell me what part of barnard's 3 studies were most convincing to you? was it the way it barely decreased hba1c after 1.5 years? was it the way it was no better than the ada diet? or the way it was no better than the low-cholesterol diet? which data point of his was the most powerful? or have you never read the study, as i know to be the truth? huai li. there you go again omniscient huai \" no vegan has ever read neil barnards studies.\" tell you what, you keep eatind animal death and ill eat plant based. we'll see who aquires diabetes 1st. @leif d\nyour logic is amazing. so what your saying is that because vegans have read dr. barnard's studies, they don't have t2 diabetes. do you understand how causality works? do you understand how logic works? what does reading a few studies have to do with having or not having t2 diabetes?\nhave you read his studies? i know you haven't. no vegan has. oh, i have no doubt you have read dr. barnard or heard his lecture where he tells you he reversed t2 diabetes. but have you read his actual, pure study without his spin on it? nope, i thought not. just like every other vegan. never read a single one of his studies. fats eaten block blood sugar delivery. it's the fats that cause the issue. diabetes is caused by repeatedly eating too many fats public access information available from the u.s. federal court pacer (public access to court electronic records) document database reveals that in the late 1980's and early 1990's, viktoras kulvinskas and dick gregory were involved in at least 2 lawsuits against each other. the limited information available in pacer has been copied and pasted into google documents files to make it available to those who don't have a pacer account. additional information on some of these cases is available via the lexisnexis system (subscription required for access).the documents/information available are as follows:\ndick gregory, plaintiff v. correction connection, inc. [cci], victor (viktoras) kulvinskas and others, defendants, with counterclaims (note that kulvinskas is not listed as a counter-claim plaintiff); civil action no. 88-7990, u. s. district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania. this is a complex case over control of a company founded to market dick gregory's diet products. gregory was found to have engaged in \"bootlegging\" by selling diet products in violation of his agreement with cci. from the court's decision, \"conclusions of law: ... (4) plaintiff dick gregory is liable to cci for the sum of [us] $583,132.28 for the violation of the november 29, 1988 injunction. (5) plaintiff dick gregory shall be assessed [us] $583,132.28 as a sanction for his civil contempt.\" kulvinskas is barely mentioned in the lexisnexis documents, so his role in the case is unknown.\nvictor (viktoras) kulvinskas, plaintiff vs. dick gregory, defendant: registration of \"foreign\" judgment against gregory in the amount of us $225,000. case #1:91-mc-00058-una (1991-1992). see docket entries dated 4/19/1991 in linked-to document.\ndick gregory, plaintiff vs. victor (viktoras) kulvinskas, defendant, and additional defendants; the nature of the suit is listed as \"other fraud\". third circuit court of appeals docket #: 91-1345 (1991; original case filed in 1988). this appears to be an appeal of the first case listed above. viktoras did not participate in the appeal and the case was dismissed for jurisdiction reasons (see docket entries for 6/27/1991 and 7/17/1991 in linked-to document). @trever bull\nwhere is that? you've posted many nonsense studies, as i've pointed out. did you post any good ones? if so, i don't recall. repost them, show everyone i'm wrong. last i checked, you said greger's citations don't support his lectures because he's debunking them. that would be fine if a single study he cited supported anything he teaches. but they don't. @huai li\nand whats wring with what i shared they are from greger's video @kevin baker\nyep, not one citation from that link proves his claims. you never read them, did you. if you had, you'd know greger is a fraud. lool...ohhh that outfit..!!! but the info was priceless... does casein in milk trigger type 1 diabetes? why might exposure to bovine proteins increase the risk of childhood-onset autoimmune type i diabetes?\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/does-casein-in-milk-trigger-type-1-diabetes/ lipotoxicity: how saturated fat raises blood sugar! the reason those\neating plant-based diets have less fat buildup in their muscle cells and\nless insulin resistance may be because saturated fats appear to impair\nblood sugar control the most.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/lipotoxicity-how-saturated-fat-raises-blood-sugar/ wonderfully clear explanations and such an effervescent presentation. thank you. lee liam this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet goku this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet johnny glenn this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet. this woman is a psychopath helena kaufman this is crazy! this only covers the symptoms and a low carb diet is not sustainable, it's unhealthy. only a whole food plant-based diet is scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes. this method is harmful and has no care about the rest of your patients lives, who have to live the rest of their lives like that because you are giving them this unhealthy diet helena kaufman this video goes hand in hand with the new video series that came out called betrayal https://www.glutenfreesociety.org/betrayal-autoimmune-disease-solution/ i feel the issue is not that this information is not out there as this video is wonderful and i don't have diabetes yet i even do this for other reasons myself. back in the day hundreds of years ago diabetes was called sugar sickness. this said, the issue comes in when you tell people this (patients or in general) and they are addicted to their processed foods, sugars, carbs etc and do not want to make the change. i love what you share in here about eating with coconut flour and such making people feel more comfortable and that you can still eat good and yummy food and not feel like you are losing out. still for some people, they would rather eat their chosen comfort food rather than shift. and those people there is not much we can do then. we can help many who do choose such and so i appreciate this video as this and much more is also what i live, be, and mentor others in. awesomeness indeed :) thank you :) the savings money wise is great as well as it is a big misnomer that you cannot eat organic healthy foods as it is too expensive. when you eat nutrient fulfulling foods you eat less as you are fulfilled and satisfied and then as you point out not hungry an hour later. it is cost effective as well to get off meds yet big pharma has a vested interest in keep people sick to keep $$$ in their pockets and out of ours which the betrayal film i posted above here speaks to. not sure which camp to believe! on one side there are many doctors armed with b6 mice experiments who have found high fat induces insulin resistance - most doctors are in that camp; a few others, like the speaker here, believes in high fat / low carb diet. theoretically, if high blood sugar is decomposed from carbs, reducing carbs should reduce diabetes; but then how does high fat diet change our insulin resistance in the body? confused; utterly.\ndo you get paid by the dairy industry or by the agro-industry? simple: what do the studies say? humans aren't mice. but i'd like to read these studies anyway.\nall the recent studies on humans show a high-fat diet improves insulin sensitivity. well, humans aren't mice. although, i'd like to see these studies. i can show you studies that prove people on a high-fat, low-carb diet improve their insulin sensitivity. it would be very strange if fat both caused and cured insulin resistance, right? in fact, i\"d say it's impossible. she is promoting a short term solution to a long term problem. from all of my research as a health teacher and physical education teacher, i've found the healthiest diet is a whole foods vegan diet. she isn't wrong about reducing carbs to lose weight or fight diabetes, but anyone can simply reduce calories to lose weight and fight diabetes. there should always be a balance in diet when it comes to carbs, fats and protein, and more importantly we need to look at the types of foods. carbs from cookies, chips and soda versus carbs from fruits,veggies, and whole grains will have a very different effect on someone nutritionally and hormonally. if anyone needs studies check out some videos by mic the vegan or just look up vegan studies. there is plenty of proof that whole foods vegans by far have the lowest rates of any dietary disease including: diabetes, heart disease, cancer and obesity. karo french, that doesn't prove anything. someone can lose weight on low-carb diet and only to gain it all back when carb intake increases. huai li there are doctors that recommend vegan diets in youtube. my nephew went vegan and lost 40lbs. that was 2 years ago. when he started high school he stopped eating vegan cause he was afraid of the kids making fun of him. he gained all the weight back. proof is in the pudding snowflake. @colleen zebchuck ah thanks for your empty lie without a source, because, well, it's a lie so you couldn't include evidence if you wanted to. siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch actually it has you really cannot think of anything more original, li?\nhas low-carb ever treated cancer sans medications? nah, didn't think so. thanks, dr: i am chinese/so i love rice/no wonder/my b/s continues to rise/\ni'll avoid that 3 times a week/ thanks--fat is my favourite/i it will do me fine/life i should celebrate just eat a healthy balanced diet,exercise , keep stress down, don't smoke,and don't get hit by a bus, and you'll live forever so i need no carbs in my diet. so that means no more vegetables. only meat, dairy and eggs. yeah, that sounds pretty healthy to me. 100g per day is not really low carb to me, and is definitely not ketogenic. i'm only takes 20 net carbs per day, totally carbs will be around 30 to 35 g per day because i eat vegetables and make sure i take enough fiber. whole food plant based for life. i'll just run over to the \"scientifically proved\" web site and see what is cooking. must be sponsored without a doubt.... i'll rebut myself if i am wrong..... lots of pushes from here! huai li whole food plant based diet is the best diet. eggs dairy and oil are not healthy. huai li can you show jack some studies on how water can help with a burn? just eat non-animal whole foods, no oil, except those in whole foods like sesame seeds, whole nuts and seeds, perhaps raw, perhaps raw and gently cooked (heating to 160 degrees, maybe or 140 degrees), supplement with b-12 and algae oil or fish oil (280 mg of epa/dha daily as per nutrition.org). chef aj on youtube has great meal advice, also. you said don't use oil except fish oil... maureen k you can substitute fish oil for chia seeds whuch have omega fatty acids in them. what about corn? billy bobb. dr hallberg has her patients avoid corn. corn is a carb, best to cut it. you can get plenty of fiber and nutrients from broccoli, spinach, kale, arugula, collard greens, herbs, spices, berries, etc. notice, most of this is geared at people with health problems, not people who are fine. if you need to lose some weight, improve insulin sensitivity, or improve your health in some way, cutting out rice, potatoes, corn, and other sources of starch can and will improve your health. is she registered dietician? i just saw the paragraph below the vid that says she's an md. maybe that doesn't mean what i think it means. she's a medical doctor. you want to commit suicide? listen to this psycho! @signorina bohemia\ndr. barnard has proven 3 times that a vegan diet has no benefits beyond being better than a crappy diet where people eat ice-cream and cake all day.. campbell's \"the china study\" has been debunked. greger uses a ton of citations that are irrelevant, and often refute his beliefs. esselstyn believes that protein clogs your arteries. i don't have to it's all over the internet papa medical association and papa pharmaceutical industry no longer have a hold on information anymore in case you haven't noticed: doctor's neal barnard, t. colin campbell, caldwell esselstyn, john mcdougall, michael greger,\ndean ornish, terry mason, kim a. williams, robert ostefeld, garth davis, pam popper, alan goldhamer. these are true scientists that have gone rogue and are hated by big pharma and the ama. however i respect your opinion, peace! your well-reasoned and well supported argument has swayed me. if only everyone used for many facts and data points to support their beliefs as you have. this well-meaning doctor should either become better educated on the research literature or have her license revoked for malpractice. reducing/eliminating carbs is treating the symptom but not the root cause. eating lots of fat -- especially saturated fat from animal sources -- is what causes insulin resistance. when you reduce your saturated fat intake your insulin resistance goes back to normal and you can thrive on a healthy diet that includes plenty of whole fruits & grains. watch this great summary video and read the cited linked research reports for yourself: http://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/ dr. berstein is the first to promote this type of diet. every diabetic should have his book. christopher harris actually cutting carbs made my a1c drop from 6.4 to 5.8 in 3 months christopher harris will fort\nvill fort you know saturated fat is toxic to the insulin producing beta cells in the pancreas, don't you li? lol how does this work if my body doesn't make enough insulin? @huai li exactly ... and it is more complicated then that lol... but once its explained it makes perfect sense and u then realize what causes weight gain...sugar...not fat.i never thought in a million years i'd be eating this much fat to lose weight.i always ran from it ...buying low fat everything thinking i was doing the right thing and not realizing all the extra sugar that was added ...and with my issues i was basically setting myself up to be sick and to gain extra weight. once i took the course with the specialist i learnt so much....and just learning about what the body does and how you even burn muscle if you cut your calories to low etc ...it helped me and gave me the knowledge to do the best for myself.but so many ppl don't get the chance to learn about ketosis and what hormone causes weight gain etc. i think if they did learn they'd find it easier too.and figure out what path is best for them to take to get healthy. your body needs insulin to store and use glucose. so if you don't eat glucose, you don't need insulin. of course, it's a bit more complicated than that, especially if you are t1 diabetic. however, if your fuel is coming from fat, insulin is not required. what do you mean? are you type two diabetic or have insulin resistance and a weight problem? just curious ....maybe i can help explain for you.eating this way saved me i'd say ... i'm off all meds and used to be close to 300 lbs and now a normal bmi at 160. sugar is what makes us fat and sick....not fat.it took me a long time to let that sink in and trust eating fat lol... and now most my diet is made up of healthy fats and low carbs....reg amounts of protein. look in to supplementing with chromium and magnesium, which helps to \"open\" the insulin receptors on cells. i prefer chromium polynicotinate, which is 300 times more effective than chromium picolinate and magnesium malate or citrate. avoid magnesium oxide, which is crap. jesus... there are a lot of fucking idiots commenting here. holy shit. you got that right ... a lot of closed minds and if they'd just open up to learn the science behind ketosis they would understand better...i was the same way tho cuz my brain was just so set on what it learnt all my life ... i'd run from fat thinking its what makes me fat ...and now its the higher percent of my diet and i'm thin and not diabetic anymore ... go figure lol no carbohydrates? fruit and vegetables are carbohydrate. peak risk reduction for heart disease chimes in at 5-6 servings (combined) of fruit and veg per day. consumption. where can i hook up with you? @steve smith\nsorry, no. i stopped doing facebook when i found myself going there to waste time. @huai li haha. huai li are you on facebook?\nvegans are impervious to logic. if you ask them which has more carbs, bread or fruit, their brain will explode. this is because they never actually learned anything scientific, they parrot what ornish, fuhrman, campbell, barnard, greger, and esselstyn tell them. at no point do they actually understand anything they believe, only that meat is murder. organic fruits do not cause an insulin response by the pancreas like processed sugars and white flour foods do. worst doctor ever. this lady is going on the quack list. this is treating the symptoms and not the problem. i've seen tons of research showing that fat contributes to insulin resistance... and good luck eating low carb... interesting how it's not essential and yet your body craves it like crazy... perhaps it's the processed foods and not the carbs. it seems people think carbs are nonessential because our bodies developed other mechanisms to make glucose (such as gluconeogenesis) but what that says to me is how essential glucose is to our functioning, so much to the point that if we don't have access to carbs we need to have substitute mechanisms to feed the body's need. try telling this bs to asian populations, i suspect they might laugh. diabetes is a disease of too many calories eaten too often. proof? there have now been studies done by various doctors who have advocated for vegan no oil and 85% carbs, raw food very high fat vegan, paleo, med diets with 40% fat from olive oil, the some meat/fish folks like pritikin, the some fish guys like dean ornish, and just about every variant in-between. and they all have studies that have shown their way of eating cures type 2 diabetes. how is that possible? because they are all correct. if you eat fewer calories no matter what you eat you'll cure your type 2. want further proof? simple! there have now been a number of studies of those who had some form of stomach size reduction. their tiny stomach forces them to limit calorie to between 600 and 800 calories a day. in three weeks they are cured of their type 2 and every marker for heart disease drops like a rock. but they are eating a large percentage of their calories from meat with fat just to get 800 calories into their tiny stomachs and yet they are cured simply by eating less, not by eating or not eating some combination of food. the various forms of fasting accomplish the same whether 5/2, or the various forms of intermitent fasting. it's all about eating less, not about what you eat less of. agreed, but health; especially long term health is of course predicated on what a person does eat. limit intake to cakes and cokes and one will suffer from numerous diseases w/in time and will be sick incessantly. the body is miraculous but disease limitations are not found just in limitation or moderation. to promote the healthiest diet known to science is one centered around plant foods. we all know those that are restricted to carb diets like this one will inevitably fail and gain all the weight back along w/ the disease. there is only one diet known w/out burdensome restrictions that enables the body to effortlessly transform to health; and that is 100% plant-based perfection! peace 2ya! diabetes type 2 is a disease of insuline resistence. it's all about carbohydrates that cannot be processed well and stay in the blood and not in the cells. i wonder how she explains how a diabetic that participates in a live-in program such as dr. mcdougalls where they get 80% of their calories for 10 days straight (and eat all they want, never feeling hungry) can get off all of their diabetes meds and have normal insulin levels.\nwhat she is saying sounds good, but it is 100% backwards! john constitution you really believe a man that states with a straight face that sugar cures diabetes? @stroheim333\nwhat i alleged is that he has provided me with citations to studies that are peer reviewed double blind studies that can be independently verified. this is the bench mark of knowledge, because if you can't show it you can't know it. where is this ground breaking study you are taking about? @umabari\nagain its not an appeal to authority if you have evidence. i asked sponge bob what exactly he was griping about and that i could show studies to back up my claim, that can be independently verified. this is a straw man. i did not appeal to authority. other than dr gregor studies nutrition and is educated in the ways of science and is able to discern a good study from a bad study. my point was i have citations to the studies. he has a staff of ten because that is the only way anyone could filter through the thousands of studies that take place. these are called evidence not appeals to authority. what exactly do you have except one guy who said something you like. drives me nuts when the appeal to authority argument shows its ugly face. i was just having a conversation on here with a young woman concerning fasting. she says it's bad, i said it was good and pointed to examples. her response was that she was a nutritionist and new a doctor that agreed with her. really? so i can't be right because you have a piece of paper that makes you think you are right??? funny and annoying. she really hasn't looked at the latest studies/evidence of t2d has she? nice interesting point 65g per meal 4and a bit more than recomended to come out of a hypo!!! i've been researching into diabetes then we discovered an awesome website at diabetes crusher tactic (check it out on google) it's not often i'm surprized but this video certainly would make anyone say wow i need to ask - did viewers know there is recent discovery\npeople around this planet are improving thier condition i learned about this from reading resource check it out just google for diabetes crusher tactic it's not often i am impressed however watching this certainly caused me to think but did you realise about the recent discovery\npeople around this planet are improving thier condition i found out about this from a site check it out just google for diabetes crusher tactic if you are wants to know more about treating diabetes the greatest success that i have had was with the diabetes crusher tactic (i found it on google) definately the most incredible course that i have ever had. wassup dude, i use this app called eat this much. i really like it. anyways, if i'm putting all my food in and my at calories are at 1989, 43.7g carbs (15.9g net) 152g of fats, and 113g of protein. would this be too many calories? thanks in advance. hi guys, wants to know more about diabetes the best results that ive ever had was by following the diabetes crusher tactic (i found it on google) without a doubt the most useful course that i've followed. there are many protein sources that cause an even a higher insulin response than some carbohydrates.\nthe hormone hsl is responsible for breaking down stored fat. hsl is suppressed by fat even if insulin levels are low. asp (acylation-stimulating protein) can cause fat storage even if little or no insulin is present. insulin doesn't make you hungry in fact insulin suppresses appetite. leptin is the main hormone that controls hunger. the idea that high insulin is the only and most significant cause of fat storage is simplistic. people need to stop reading taubes and lustig.\nthe problem of obesity has already been solved. excess intake of calories. @witofnit\nah, you just cured it all again! drinking in moderation is all alcoholics have to do! brilliant. now, just be sure to go around to every alcoholic and tell them their problem is dosage and all they have to do is drink in moderation.\nwe all wish we were as smart as you. consider the billions of dollars people have spent to help alcoholics. and all we had to do is tell them to drink in moderation... huai li lol what? a person can drink alcohol and not be an alcoholic. a person can use drugs and not be a drug addict. by your logic the way to end obesity is by not eating? dosage is what's important. the world has more problems than just what people consume. your post fails. try again. and alcoholism has already been solved: stop drinking alcohol. drug addiction has been solved: stop taking drugs. wow, we've just saved the world with two tiny posts. amazing the rest of the world isn't as smart as we are [/sarcasm]. is that why you havn't reversed diabetes whilst dr's who have reversed diabetes (dr dean ornish, dr mcdougall, dr neal bernard) etc, have successfully reversed the disease with carbs... @katie pecotich\nthank you for admitting you don't believe in science. if only vegans started their conversations the way they end them, we'd all save lots of time and effort. just start out by saying \"i'm a vegan and i don't believe in science....\" we'd all be better off. @huai li no. until you try it, no amount of science will explain it. @katie pecotich\nso you admit that you find science, facts and evidence to just get in the way of what you believe. good to know. @huai li wow maybe you should use your time more wisely and read the research of all the other dr's, what you think is insignificant statistically means another life saved. you don't happen to understand that change takes time right. you can read all the theory you want, until you apply the theory you will never truly understand it. who the heck is ted? what shill company runs this channel??? maybe novo nordisc or beyer or some medical company? novo nordisk has the pagan egyptian cow crescent moon on its head as its symbol why would a pharmaceutical company support someone helping people get off prescription drugs? i don't see your logic. seriously? you haven't heard of ted talks? i take 300 mg canagliflozin, 2 g metformin, and 360 units insulin each day. and, yes, you are right. not one endocrinologist told me not to eat carbohydrates. i was told by a nutritionalist, 12 carbs per meal as a starch like bread or potato for a diabetic. that works well. but my doctor never told me. they aren't trained in nutrition.doctors don't learn nutrition in usa. that's so surprising. not even a single consult with a rd? when i was first diagnosed type 2 i was told to try to limit my carb intake to about 30 per meal. that's not a lot but i try. my a1c has held below 6.5 for the last 10 years. i have diabetes- i followed the experiences documented thru a non-pharmaceutical cure here https://plus.google.com/112316842315933956787/posts/fxcikfwj89k that eradicated my symptoms and meant that i'm no longer suffering diabetec symptoms, bonus! i get to enjoy eating socially again ;) joseph dotson i'll read look at the people who get diabetes. are they eating mostly vegetables and fruits or are they eating ice cream, eggs, red meat and butter? you will quickly notice that those eating the most carbs actually do the best. it is not just the carbs. its the veggies. eat as much plants as you can. it will do so much than just decrease your diabetes risk. jake h. i agree with you. vegetables are also very high in fiber so that helps to not make your blood sugar spike. so big time vegan fuhrman just came out with a book about ending heart disease. within the first 30 pages or so, he says that potatoes have a stronger correlation with diabetes than any animal products. is fuhrman a fraud? please say so. i love it when vegans condemn other vegans because they follow science instead of dogma. @johnny glenn\nwow, you show you don't understand anything again. a non-profit means the company/business/group does not turn a company profit. that means all the moneys collected are not used as profit, which is returned to investors, but all the moneys collected are used up. those in charge of non-profits can pay themselves millions of dollars, if they earn enough, as long as the company does not earn a profit. please, google \"definition of non-profit.\" it does not mean what you think it means. also, google \"highest paid non-profit ceos.\"\njust like you don't understand \"science\" or \"scientific study\", you now prove you don't know the definition of \"non-profit\". it's funny how vegan ppl are so radical, because most of what you eat, leafy vegetables, avocado, coconut oil, nuts, etc, has a high content of fat.... it also has high carb content but most of it is fiber, which is not metabolized... so one thing is not against the other.... i reversed my type 2 diabetes by eating fat, just check how it is possible to eat high fat low carb ans still keep vegan!! this is strange this dr. doesnt mention exercise as a way to cure much of the metabolic problems. whatever you eat, you have to burn it so that it wont cause insulin resistance. you simply cannot sustain on low carb diet. you have to have a balanced diet with atleast 30 min of exercise per day 5 days a week preferably mix of aerobics and weight training. with her approach you may resolve some of your problems but you will become a social outcast. low carb is sustainable forever. those who follow a keto diet are doing well. exercise optional. probably getting up and walking more would be best. i am glad that you missed out a lot of subtle points and you flew tangentially bcoz of preconceived right ideas, its not the same thing as the best religion in the world debate.yeah it may help you to mainstream ur thought process. good point ivan b and the glyphosate is built right into the grains dont bother washing them peer reviewed papers that support your claim? my wife ... 28 joint replacements . cant exercise .thyroid and arthritus etc..... atkins ... 14 lbs loss per month for 9 months no health issues hey ,if anyone else wants to discover cure of type 2 diabetes try jadonite proven diabetes buddy (just google it ) ? ive heard some interesting things about it and my friend got amazing success with it. murgadrot zp fat is a mental illness,just stop eating eat 10 pounds of food every day. its realy sad to see this md or what ever she is bs about carbs like rice .blood sugar spikes only happens when there is fat in the same meal as rice.rice and other carbs cure diabetes t2 in 2-3weeks as someone with (although, now, 90% cured) pre-diabetes/reactive hypoglycemia, trever, i can definitely say after 13 years of research and hands-on testing, you are dead wrong! white rice is converted to sugar in the blood. all carbs become sugar once they get to the liver. rice is just a little slower. stop eating simple sugars and simple carbs (processed and stripped grains) and you cure your type ii or pre-diabetes. most likely not a problem with the insulin, as resistance still occurs at about the same rate when using exogenous (synthetic) sources of insulin. is it a problem with the insulin receptors? probably not. current research suggests that insulin binds to the receptors appropriately, but the proper \"signal\" is not being sent to the cell.\nwhat could cause this? there are many theories, but i tend to believe that it has something to do with the sheer amount (and perhaps type) of carbohydrate we are consuming and perhaps the added assault of adulterated foods (gmo's, pesticides, herbicides...).\nthe incidence of type 2 diabetes has increased significantly since the 1970's, when people started to become more concerned about consuming fat and cholesterol. food companies responded with low fat/cholesterol products. these products were generally higher in sugar and salt to make up for the lack of flavor. we also saw a heavy increase in highly processed prepackaged foods.the \"food pyramid\", at the time, emphasized carbohydrate laden grain products. the rest of the world followed suit. our diet (and indeed the diet in many modern countries) still emphasize whole grains...the incidence of type 2 diabetes continues to rise.\nwe also must look at genetics. people who have a close family member (mother, father, sibling) with type 2 diabetes are more likely to develop the disease themselves, but the pattern is not always clear. we also know that type 2 diabetes tends to be progressive, even when treated with medication/insulin. as the disease marches on, people with type 2 often require exogenous insulin. perhaps the beta cells \"wear out\" and simply can't keep up with the increased insulin requirements? however, one interesting fact is beginning to come to light...type 2 diabetics who greatly reduce their carbohydrate intake often eliminate their need for medication/insulin, stopping the progression of the disease, and in many cases, returning to normal (or near normal) blood glucose ranges.\nthere is also more evidence to support the theory that obesity doesn't \"cause\" type 2 diabetes, rather type 2 diabetes (insulin resistance) causes obesity. this may help explain why many type 2 diabetics find it immensely difficult to lose weight and/or gain weight very easily. we may very well be guilty of blaming the diabetic for causing their own problems, when in fact, they have not. any diabetic will tell you that you are nuts! carbohydrates will cause a blood sugar spike and a meal that contains fat will likely flatten the spike caused by carbs. my wife has been a diabetic for years. we have found that things made with refined flours, white rice, white potatoes, dried peas and beans, and fruits will jack your blood sugar up pronto. the key is to limit the amount. eat peas and beans from the garden. try to pick them before their their sugar content peaks. try to stay away from factory processed foods. if you prepare your food at home, you will know what is no hfcs, orange dye 40, bht, sulfites or other undesirables in it. diet advice from overwheigt person my suggestion is focus on stopping or reversing your t2 diabetes first. once you have that under control you can focus on your weight. one problem at a time. eric k it is possible to have a diet that prevents and treats diabetes and gives you a healthy wheight at the same time. she is not overweight. and this is about reducing type 2 diabetes, not becoming a size 2. she's out of date. low carbing and especially replacing with fats, is outdated science. surprised at ted...their talks are usually more science based than this. hahahha huai li, you are the one who is stuck in 1985. get with the program. or are you a vegan fanatic? @sue joan\n\"only reason i got fat is i got pituitary damage from tonsillectomy in the 1950's.\"\nbut it's all about calories in and calories out. so you didn't get fat from pituitary damage, you got fat because you ate more calories than you used, right? that's the basis of your entire argument that you just undermined right there. huai li i guess different things for different people...i'm not at all addictive so can eat sugar in moderation...that helps. also i'm very active as i even at the age of 72, work out 6 days a week, cardio plus resistance... it's worked well for me...started in with a weaker heart as i had rheumatic fever as a kid now have developed strong heart. only reason i got fat is i got pituitary damage from tonsillectomy in the 1950's. @sue joan\nyes, i absolutely believe that calories count. but they shouldn't be the focus.\nthe idea that calories are all that matter is equivalent to saying that alcoholics just need to stop drinking, smokers need to stop smoking, and drug addicts just need to stop doing drugs. it's absolutely true, and absolutely worthless if it's the focus/first step.\nor am i wrong? go to an aa meeting and tell the people the 12 steps and therapy and community support, medication, and love are all unnecessary. all you need is to stop drinking. i guess we solved the alcohol problem that plagues the world: just stop drinking. why do people try to confuse such a simple thing? stop drinking, stop smoking, stop doing drugs, and stop eating so many calories. great, great, is a wunderful video, this is realy truth revealed....that is exactly what mankind needs. please go on awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome... thank you :) properly reading papers does take time, yes. reading an abstract and misinterpreting it can be a very quick process, though, i'll give you that.\nhuai li: can you please give me the link that you think doesn't support the intramyocellular lipid hypothesis? greger's done several videos about insulin resistance and intramyocellular lipids, and i don't have time to go through the dozen citations for each video.\nplease... just give me the link that you believe is erroneous. if you won't do that, i'm not going to continue this conversation.\nfrom what i've read, it seems pretty well-established that intramyocellular lipids contribute to glucose uptake impairment. i'll give you a couple citations on that to start things off:\nhttp://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s001250051123\nif you download the pdf, and read the introduction, the authors provide more citations that have established this fact during the 1990s. here's the important quote from the introduction, (see the article for more references):\n\"evidence has been provided that lipids could have an important role in insulin resistance: i) lipid oxidation is increased in insulin resistant states [2] and ii) increase of plasma concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids\n(nefa) decreases skeletal muscle glucose uptake and glycogen synthesis [3]. the impact of intramyocellular lipid (imcl) content on insulin sensitivity has previously been examined from muscle biopsies. the results showed that imcl are an important source of energy within the muscle [4] and that increased imcl content is associated with impaired insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in rats [5] as well as in healthy humans [6, 7] and in those with type i (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus [8]\"\ni see that you've been asking for a \"single\" study that shows that fat is related to glucose uptake. well, there are a few, and if you follow the citation trail, i'm sure you'll find a bunch more. bla bla bla..what if you do a heavy cojnstruction work...ooccupation matters..you need 'carbs'...or whatever. go look for dr steve phinney no outrages claims just the fact that sarah hallberg said her self on this video (10min into the video) that her method will not cure diabetes 2 . where as millions of people world wide are gaining the benefits of a whole food plant based diet to reverse and cure diabetes 2 and heart disease. just look at the results obtained dr joel fuhrman, dr d.ornish, dr micheal greggor, dr doug lysle, dr neal barnard, dr john mcdougal, dr michael klapper and t.collin campbell who have cured millions of patients on a whole food plant based diet. it's the only way to good health and a long and healthy life on a sustainable way of eating. hi eric k, l am not a vegan, l am interested in having ultimate health and well being and eating a whole food plant based diet will do exactly that and has been shown to offer the same benefits for millions of others who also adopt a whole food plant based diet. insane, deranged, fanatic, vegan alert! plants are the best medicine. nuts= good fats\nfruit = good carbs & proteins\nfresh fruit pies and natural fruit icecreams is the solution.\ncronometer.com is a useful nutrition tool. saturated fat makes people insulin resistance.\nsaturated fats is in all dairy and animal meats. @flashhd\nbut chicken fat isn't saturated, nor is most fish. so if your logic is correct,eating these unprocessed, unsaturated fats should be perfectly healthy. thank you for the advice. high-fat fish and poultry diet, here i come! @huai li just eat nuts and fruits like avocados. nut &fruit fat is good. it is not saturated/processed. @flashhd\nso what you're saying is that a diet with lots of chicken fat, fish oil, nuts, and avocados would not cause insulin resistance? only saturated fat? @huai li\nfats from nuts such as walnuts and brazil nuts, are not saturated. yet, high fat diets cure insulin resistance. by your logic, fat both causes and cures insulin resistance. doesn't make sense. but vegans never made sense. huh... isn't american chinese food mostly grease? and she blames the rice, also forgets to mention the rice is fried... white rice is pure carbs. i have gestational- i could only have 6 bites of white rice to keep my numbers under control. it's mostly sugar.\ncarbs covered in sugar sauces! jf baker ii and also... you keep assuming your blood sugar would spike on a no fat diet but i'd bet you a million bucks you've never really cut out the bad fats out of your diet. again, people think they do but they forget they had a bunch of butter on their toasts in the morning, or that their cereal are coated with oil and sugar, that their salad has a bunch of oil in it, potatoes with oil or butter, etc. that's why people think high carb doesn't work, they don't really even try it in the first place! and btw ...i did see him talk about diabetics and how they got off their insulin too on the plant based diet in the video and how he made them eat more so they new it wasn't just from weight loss......but i can't understand why it doesn't help me and my hunger gets worse ??? if it worked for the others .... i'd really like to figure that out there is a reason that md's only get a four (4) hour lecture on nutrition in medical school. and the lecture is catered by the meat and dairy industry. platters of cheese, crackers and processed meats.\nsarah your information is really outdated and bordering on ignorance. ignorance means that you know the facts but choose to ignore them. as a doctor, that is criminal. it is 2016, catch up to 2008 when the nejm studies reported that they know the components that cause type 1 diabetes. also reported in pubmed.gov. multiple un-biased studies.\n1) genetic predisposition (you cannot get an auto-immune condition that\nisn't in your genes)\n2) intestinal permeability (causes of: gliadin from barley wheat and\nrye, glyphosate and all grains etc...)\n3) bovine protein introduced before the first 3 years of age. (the\nantigen that gets into the blood that engages the immune system,\ncollateral damage occurs when the immune system mistakes your beta cells\ninstead of the bovine) bovine and beta cells are structurally similar\non a molecular level and that is why your immune system cannot tell the\ndifference and attacks you instead of the antigen.\n4) chromium/vanadium deficiencies\nand pubmed.gov reports multiple studies that link the mmr vaccine to the onset of type 1 (auto-immune) diabetes.\n100% of the volume of carbohydrates you consume convert to glucose in just 2 hours. any excess glucose that your body cannot use is stored as fat.\n50% of the volume of protein you consume converts to glucose in 4-6 hours, any excess glucose that your body cannot burn up is stored as fat.\nonly 10% of fat you consume converts to glucose over a 10-12 hours, any excess glucose that your body cannot use is stored as fat.\nwhen a fat is heated, it changes on a molecular level. when consumed heated fats (dry roasted nuts, expellier pressed oils, fried/cooked meats etc..)the fractionated fats pass the blood barrier. this is the cause of ldl level to rise. the liver produces the good hdl that is responsible for replacing your brain cells. when a person uses cholesterol lowering drug, the drug only stops the production of the hdl but does nothing to address the \"bad\" hdl. (this is why experts are saying that cholesterol meds are causing a decline in mental cognition and the possible cause of alzheimer's and dementia)\nconsuming a raw-vegan (this just means uncooked, plant based) diet has been proven to drop weight, lower cholesterol and reverse type 1 and 2 diabetes) nejm, pubmed.gov. look it up. it works.. where's your proof that his diet would be better? @rob k\ncan't prove a negative. there are no studies that prove what you claim. if i said \"god is real, prove otherwise,\" you'd rightly say you can't prove a negative. or maybe you wouldn't, you'd have to understand how science works to make that claim. no studies prove what you claim.\ni have no doubt that your health is better on a vegan diet compared to a diet where you ate ice-cream and cookies all day. but your health would be better if you added a few eggs and fish a week. @rob k\nto a vegan, making broad statements that you don't intend to back-up is a good thing. and it's fine by me. you prove that you have no studies. if you had them, why not use them? simple: they don't exist. the onus of proof is on the person who makes the claim. vegans never provide proof and always claim \"it's somewhere, look for it, i'm too lazy to actually find support for my claims.\"\nso thanks for the agreement. there are no clinical studies to support your beliefs. it's all based on faith, no facts. its not many times im surprized however watching this really caused me to say wow but do viewers know about the recent discoverystudents around the world are seeing improvement i learned about this by studying website take a look now search google for ralfs remedy method lost my mind just listening to her voice, i'll get my information from another source that is not trying so hard to be impressive. thank you thank you, i was just diagnosed as a type 2 diebetic i love mcdougall's logic about why omega-3 fatty acids aren't so important: if we needed them, then we'd need to eat fish. and fish are alive and beautiful. how could it be that we are supposed to eat fish when that's morally wrong? so obviously, we don't need omega-3 fatty acids.\ni mean, look at all that scientific evidence, studies, and data he used.\nyeah, no vegans ever have any evidence to support their beliefs. they have correlation. the correlation proves that vegans who exercise, abstain from sugar and flour, avoid alcohol, and often visit the doctor are healthier than people who don't exercise, drink tons, and eat nothing but junk food all day. but when a vegan diet is compared to even a mediocre diet, it's got no advantage.\n@nathan mora look up more from dr. hallberg, and dr. bernstein and his \"diabetes solution\" is also great. bernstein is a t1 diabetic who has lived to old age where most t1 diabetics are expected to be dead from diabetes complications. also, dr. pogozelski is t1 diabetic and a biochemist who recommends low-carb, high-fat. i'm not surprise this dr has an exercise science background. natural bodybuilders have known about insulin control via carb restriction for many years. low gi diets work and is sustainable if it is balanced with fibrous vegetables, lean proteins, complex carbs and essential fats. there are some points which are troubling to me... firstly, the insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes is caused by an hormonal response to high fat intake. so how could only eating fat revert that resistance? secondly, people who have type 2 diabetes usually have other diseases or problems, like dyslipidemia, high cholesterol, hypertension, all of which are exacerbated by a high fat diet. so, this woman just blatantly saying to eat fat is really concerning... if anyone tries this, they should always have a nutricionist or a doctor with them to see if everything is going alright and you have no studies or data to support your beliefs. another vegan brain-washed by greger's nonsense. there are dozens of studies showing a low-carb diet reverses insulin resistance. so if your data is correct, then a high-fat diet both causes and cures insulin resistance. which makes no sense. of course, vegans don't make sense because they don't like science and reject science every single time they see it. check out my dario glucometer video. review to follow amazing presentation! thank you for sharing! from https://www.mcdonalds.com/us/en-us/about-our-food/nutrition-calculator.html\na big mac is:\n28g fat and 46g carbs. that means 28x9=252 calories from fat and 46x4=184\ncalories from carbs. hence you are talking bs as there is 36% more calories\nfrom fats than from carbs. how little do you think you understand of science\nyourself? well, you can guess what i think of you... you don't even understand that it is calories we should be looking at, not weight. brush up your science skills before you come back!!! we need an amount of calories per day, not a certain weight of food. come on, open your big mouth further and you will get into more shit, you have done well so far!!! as barnard shows us: only a low fat diet will truly reverse diabetes. as mcdougall, ornish, pritikin and esselstyn show us only a low fat diet will reverse coronary atherosclerosis. you are so full of bs it is not funny!!! i don't know breathe deep, you are making assumptions, again!. you're a master of making assumptions sorry you have that wrong again. you simply do not understand and do not try to understand.may allah help you! you need it. @peter strous\nso you are saying that dr. barnard is a fraud, not because he misrepresents his studies, but because he says his results were not significant. good to know. scientists who believe in the p-value (all of them) are all liars and frauds, like dr. ornish, dr. mcdougall, dr. greger, and dr. barnard. thanks for admitting that.\nglad we all agree now. @huai li\np value is not \"proof value\" you have this wrong. it is probability. \"less probable\" is not \"not probable\". they are different things, you are mixing these things up as well.... 10.min 55 sec sarah hallberg on a high fat low carb diet you will not not be cured!!! but on a whole food plant based diet you can be guaranteed 100% to reverse and cure diabetes 100% . look at the latest based information from dr micheal greggor, dr neal bernard, dr caldwell esselstyn or even dr joel furhman. l am not a vegan, l am not a troll, l just care about having the best health for my entire life without diabetes, blood pressure, heart disease etc. properly reading papers does take time, yes. reading an abstract and misinterpreting it can be a very quick process, though, i'll give you that.\ncan you please give me the link that you think doesn't support the intramyocellular lipid hypothesis? greger's done several videos about insulin resistance and intramyocellular lipids, and i don't have time to go through the dozen citations for each video.\nplease... just give me the link that you believe is erroneous. if you won't do that, i'm not going to continue this conversation.\nfrom what i've read, it seems pretty well-established that intramyocellular lipids contribute to glucose uptake impairment. i'll give you a couple citations on that to start things off:\nhttp://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s001250051123\nif you download the pdf, and read the introduction, the authors provide more citations that have established this fact during the 1990s. here's the important quote from the introduction, (see the article for more references):\n\"evidence has been provided that lipids could have an important role in insulin resistance: i) lipid oxidation is increased in insulin resistant states [2] and ii) increase of plasma concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids\n(nefa) decreases skeletal muscle glucose uptake and glycogen synthesis [3]. the impact of intramyocellular lipid (imcl) content on insulin sensitivity has previously been examined from muscle biopsies. the results showed that imcl are an important source of energy within the muscle [4] and that increased imcl content is associated with impaired insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in rats [5] as well as in healthy humans [6, 7] and in those with type i (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus [8]\"\ni see that you've been asking for a \"single\" study that shows that fat is related to glucose uptake. well, there are a few, and if you follow the citation trail, i'm sure you'll find a bunch more. no outrages claims just the fact that sarah hallberg said her self on this video (10min into the video) that her method will not cure diabetes 2 . where as millions of people world wide are gaining the benefits of a whole food plant based diet to reverse and cure diabetes 2 and heart disease. just look at the results obtained dr joel fuhrman, dr d.ornish, dr micheal greggor, dr doug lysle, dr neal barnard, dr john mcdougal, dr michael klapper and t.collin campbell who have cured millions of patients on a whole food plant based diet. it's the only way to good health and a long and healthy life on a sustainable way of eating. @onedayatatime\nso you came here, made outrageous claims contradicting the video, and you feel no obligation to provide a shred of evidence to support your beliefs? i've posted evidence for you vegans so many times, i'm tired. it does not good, vegans are impervious to science.\nso that's why i don't waste my time using science on vegans. it's easier to ask them for a shred of science. it saves time because none of you have any science to support your beliefs.\nso don't waste your time using correlation or observational studies. they don't mean anything, as correlation is not causation. yes, that means the china study is pretty worthless. put up or shut up: show us clinical studies. otherwise, you're just spreading misinformation. why don't you show me data, studies to support what you believe is true huai li. it's a pleasure to listen to her using a decent microphone.. there are two conversations happening here.\nthe first --- which is where this speaker is and certain prolific commenters here are --- coming from is comparing the junk food diet (lots of table sugar and transfatty processed foods) versus a focus on meat/dairy/eggs, and carefully selected fats. this comparison gave rise to the bad habit of people misusing the word \"carbohydrates\" to represent junk food. they conveniently ignore the horrible fats in junk food and they argue against \"carbohydrates.\" in the confused demonization of the word carbohydrates they put animal products and select fats on a pedestal. there is a purposeful deception ongoing here. they know \"carbohydrates\" is an incorrect word for junk food, but they purposefully misuse it to steer people to animal products.\nunfortunately, that old deception of representing junk food through misuse of the word carbohydrates continues to fool many. obviously junk food is junk. obviously table sugar is terrible. obviously transfats are disgusting. we all know that already. it's like discussing smoking. we already know junk food is junk.\nthe other conversational comparison happening here is between a \"whole food plant-based diet\" versus a focus on meats/dairy/eggs and carefully selected fats/oils. the answers on this comparison are well known also. in every health comparison category (heart disease, cancer, diabetes) the whole food plant-based diet wins hands-down. (the one exception being that persons afflicted with alzheimer's and epilepsy seem to really do well of lots of fats.)\nthe continuing deception being purposefully applied by the meat, dairy, egg and separated oils industries is to keep referencing old \"junk food\" data, keep misusing the word carbohydrates, keep tricking you into believing that old data applies to whole food plant-based eating and to keep steering you to high-animal-products and high-fat eating. don't be fooled. be smarter than the tricksters.\nthere are three competing diets here:\n1. junk food full of table sugar and all manner of the worst transfats,\n2. lots of meat, dairy, eggs and more selective use of separated oils,\n3. whole foods plant-based diet with zero separated oils.\ndon't let people trick you into missing option #3 by deceptively steering your focus to the decades-old comparison between #1 vs. #2. if you have type-ii diabetes and you've been tricked into choosing path #2 because you thought you only had two choices #1 and #2, then you have an opportunity to step back and see the big picture and realize there is third choice #3.\nalso realize the word vegan was heavily misused by the very people who used the word vegan. lots of so-called vegans failed because they were just junk food eaters. they never had any \"veg\"etables in their diet at all. they ate twinkies and ding-dongs and felt smug because they weren't eating meat. they failed because they ate junk. they may have believed they were vegans, but really all they were was non-animal junk food junkies. of course, they failed. twinkies are not a substitute for broccoli.\nthe truth is that nobody who has gone to a whole food plant-based diet with zero separated oils has failed. nobody has ever failed on a diet of potatoes, beans, rice, fruits, vegetables all cooked and eaten without added oils.\npeople who think they tried \"high carb\" yet failed, did in fact fail because their fats/oils never went low. they mistakenly think their fats were low, but they weren't. no oils in diet #3..\ninterested in at least learning a bit more about diet choice #3. some names you can explore here at youtube and trust are john mcdougall, joel fuhrman, michael greger, neal barnard, colin campbell & caldwell esselstyn. as if you all aren't trolls just parroting the words of others anyway. not a single one of you has an original thought or understanding of what you claim to believe. if you did, you could have an intelligent conversation, using science and studies, without resorting to insults. instead, you have no studies, nothing intelligent to say, and mostly insults for those who disagree with you. that's the hallmark of all vegans. dude, you just copied and pasted my post from a few days ago. huai li.a correlation between variables, however, does not automatically mean that the change in one variable is the cause of the change in the values of the other variable. causation indicates that one event is the result of the occurrence of the other event; i.e. there is a causal relationship between the two events. in other words a whole food plant based diet is the best means to take care. looks like l needed to explain that to you huaili. l also understand your obese and a diabetic yourself huaili who doesn't look after himself at all, and couldn't walk 5 km if your life depended on it. keep eating your corpses huaili. sara is absolutely right. hey everyone, interested in treating diabetes the best success that i've had was by following the ralfs remedy method (i found it on google) definately the most incredible guide i've tried. i'm lost for words with somebody refusing to have a look himself and just attacking. no you are not correct and no i do not agree that barnard is a fraud. dr neal barnard's experiences on diabetes-2 fit in with the findings on cancer (see affluent cancers and diet, unravelling the confusion on youtube), heart disease, auto immune diseases and osteoporosis. you yourself have not shown me anything on diseases. you have only shown yourself as a person and i'm keeping my thoughts here to myself. no so you and peter strous are the same person. i knew vegans loved trolling, but you must have lots of free time to try to pretend to be two different people. you've even had conversations with yourself. it's only slightly disappointing because it means i've been dealing with only 1 ignorant vegan, not two. but still, you're doing a great job discrediting your own life-style. better than i ever could. you make us low-carbers look like geniuses. glosses over the importance of the weight loss in that patient... i've no experience with type 2 diabetes but i've researched about that. many people confused that type 2 diabetes (or type 1 diabetes) are not impossible for the cure. however, in this talk, dr. sarah tell us that a person can be cured of type 2 diabetes and \"the solution is simpler than you might think\". why did you think type 2 diabetes will be fine for people?\nsolution is your weight loss program. so, do you have any experience in your program that you've created ? and why did you make up the program for type 2 diabetes? thank you for helping me high carb low fat vegan here. she clearly hasn't heard of intramyocellular lipids. dr. mcdougall cured his sickest patients on a 95% carbohydrate diet. diabetes is cured by a whole food plant based diet. cut out meat, cheese, eggs, and junk, and diabetes symptoms will go away. exactly haha. whole foods plant based diet is the best diet! you seem to sit on youtube also, don't throw stones in a glass house. @trey pietras\nas expected from a vegan. so let's see, i ask for studies, and i get nothing.\nproof again that vegans have no studies, no evidence, nothing to support their assertions. only faith. being vegan is all about faith and animal rights, not health or science. whenever you ask for proof, vegans have nothing. you may as well ask a regular person to drink poison as to ask a vegan for evidence, because it's not going to happen.\nthere's an old saying: arguing with someone who has rejected reason is like giving medicine to one who is dead. no point in arguing with vegans, they have rejected science and reason.\nprove me wrong: where are your studies? and no, don't just copy and paste greger's crap. i just read it, and it's weak and worthless. if any vegan ever bothered to read them, they would no longer be vegan. i've never seen an obese person who eats a ton of fruits and veggies. put down the cheeseburger and fries and you won't be fat. lol calm down. yeah i don't eat mcdonalds, and i don't eat refined sugar or flours, i eat a whole foods diet.. i never said the bun was a health food, and we weren't talking about soda (which i don't think is a health food either) you are so defensive, what, were you personally victimized by a vegan once? jeez. @plantbeliever\nshow me the math: show me the burger, the extra ketchup, the fries, the extra ketchup for the fries and the 20oz high-fructose corn syrup drink. do the math and prove me wrong.\nyou won't. you're a vegan, math and science are mysterious and odd things that should be shunned.\nthis isn't my argument. a fellow-vegan came out and said mcd's is evil and makes you sick because of the tiny meat patty. the oil is veggie oil, the fries are veggies, the bun and ketchup are carbs, as is the soda. so take a stand and tell me that yes, it's all the meat's fault or be an adult and say \"all of it's bad, the vegan-approved carbs and everything.\" as usual, you vegans got my argument wrong: my argument is that it's all poison. yet, it's you vegans who can't make yourselves agree that yes, it's all poison, not just the meat patty.\nfeel free to take the stand that people would be perfectly healthy if they ate everything but the burger. my stand is it's all poison. it's your blind faith and weird ideas that make you take the stand that the bun, ketchup, fries, and soda are health foods.\nor are you adult enough to admit we agree, and it's all poison? will your religious beliefs allow that? or is agreeing with someone like me against your vegan religion? fries that are fried in oil, half of its calories come from fat.. burger, really? it's the bun?? not the fatty beef patty and cholesterol packed cheese.. no.. it must be the carbs... get a clue. so fries are meat? nope, a carb. hamburgers: let's see: bun made of wheat, and ketchup with high-fructose corn syrup. so let's see: you are blaming people getting fat on a diet of mostly carbs. sounds like you agree with the video... there are two conversations happening here.\nthe first --- which is where this speaker is and certain prolific commenters here are --- coming from is comparing the junk food diet (lots of table sugar and transfatty processed foods) versus a focus on meat/dairy/eggs, and carefully selected fats. this comparison gave rise to the bad habit of people misusing the word \"carbohydrates\" to represent junk food. they conveniently ignore the horrible fats in junk food and they argue against \"carbohydrates.\" in the confused demonization of the word carbohydrates they put animal products and select fats on a pedestal. there is a purposeful deception ongoing here. they know \"carbohydrates\" is an incorrect word for junk food, but they purposefully misuse it to steer people to animal products.\nunfortunately, that old deception of representing junk food through misuse of the word carbohydrates continues to fool many. obviously junk food is junk. obviously table sugar is terrible. obviously transfats are disgusting. we all know that already. it's like discussing smoking. we already know junk food is junk.\nthe other conversational comparison happening here is between a \"whole food plant-based diet\" versus a focus on meats/dairy/eggs and carefully selected fats/oils. the answers on this comparison are well known also. in every health comparison category (heart disease, cancer, diabetes) the whole food plant-based diet wins hands-down. (the one exception being that persons afflicted with alzheimer's and epilepsy seem to really do well of lots of fats.)\nthe continuing deception being purposefully applied by the meat, dairy, egg and separated oils industries is to keep referencing old \"junk food\" data, keep misusing the word carbohydrates, keep tricking you into believing that old data applies to whole food plant-based eating and to keep steering you to high-animal-products and high-fat eating. don't be fooled. be smarter than the tricksters.\nthere are three competing diets here:\n1. junk food full of table sugar and all manner of the worst transfats,\n2. lots of meat, dairy, eggs and more selective use of separated oils,\n3. whole foods plant-based diet with zero separated oils.\ndon't let people trick you into missing option #3 by deceptively steering your focus to the decades-old comparison between #1 vs. #2. if you have type-ii diabetes and you've been tricked into choosing path #2 because you thought you only had two choices #1 and #2, then you have an opportunity to step back and see the big picture and realize there is third choice #3.\nalso realize the word vegan was heavily misused by the very people who used the word vegan. lots of so-called vegans failed because they were just junk food eaters. they never had any \"veg\"etables in their diet at all. they ate twinkies and ding-dongs and felt smug because they weren't eating meat. they failed because they ate junk. they may have believed they were vegans, but really all they were was non-animal junk food junkies. of course, they failed. twinkies are not a substitute for broccoli.\nthe truth is that nobody who has gone to a whole food plant-based diet with zero separated oils has failed. nobody has ever failed on a diet of potatoes, beans, rice, fruits, vegetables all cooked and eaten without added oils.\npeople who think they tried \"high carb\" yet failed, did in fact fail because their fats/oils never went low. they mistakenly think their fats were low, but they weren't. no oils in diet #3..\ninterested in at least learning a bit more about diet choice #3. some names you can explore here at youtube and trust are john mcdougall, joel fuhrman, michael greger, neal barnard, colin campbell & caldwell esselstyn. so your argument is that when the body requires fat (and every cell in your body is made from lipids), it prefers to use lipids your body eats as opposed to breaking down and reforming carbs and protein into fat. this is shocking news! next you'll tell me that if you don't eat carbs, your body will create it's own carbs, but it would rather use pre-made carbs that you eat. or you'll tell me that the body can produce tissue by breaking down other tissue (protein) but the body prefers to use protein you eat directly. this is amazing science that nobody has ever heard of before! it revolutionizes science...wait, no, it doesn't.\nthe only way this would be useful is if your body could not make fat/lipids/adipose tissue from eating carbs and protein. it can. you eats lots of carbs and protein, and your body makes fats. in fact, we know triglycerides (a type of fat that is indicative of heart problems) skyrocket on a low-fat, vegan diet (see ornish's only published study). and we know there are essential fatty acids your body needs to come from external sources, which are best absorbed from animals and not plants, and vitamins a, d, e, and k are only absorbed with fat. so if a person were to not eat fat, a person's health would eventually show many health problems. which doctors see all the time when dealing with vegans. so you're saying that i could eat nothing but sugar all day and i'd never get fat? those studies are proof that only fat we eat can be stored as fat? oh, and i'm sorry you can't read. is that the result of your vegan diet? because if you look at my posts in this thread, i cite 4 or 5 studies to support my beliefs. you have none. i guess being vegan damages eye-sight and cognition. either that, or you don't know the definition of \"studies.\" all cases would not surprise any of us. so let me get this straight: you came here, trolling with nothing to back up your trolling.\nat least you have the courage to admit you have no studies. there is no evidence to support a vegan diet or vegan life-style. it's all about faith. most vegans don't have the courage to admit they reject science and silly things like studies. thank you for your courage and candor. if only you had such candor in all your posts, we'd all know to ignore you because there is no science to support your faith. don't fats eventually cause ketoacidosis? @*****\nhealth-wise, there aren't many problems associated with long-term ketosis. in the early 20th century, it was the diet you put epileptics and diabetics on, with no evidence of adverse effects. it's true, you don't want your ketones too high, but you have to work hard for that. there's acetone breath (breath smells like nail polish), and people complain of the \"keto-flu\" the first week or two they try to transition over to ketosis.\nhowever, you don't need to be in full ketosis to get most benefits of a low-carb diet. so if you're concerned about ketosis, then don't cut carbs down to less than 30g/day. most people do fine eating 100g/day, as long as you eat lots of good fat. okay, i thought all that is necessary is fat breakdown. but ketosis overtime has no negative effects? you mean ketosis, not ketoacidosis. ketoacidosis is almost impossible without elevated glucose levels. if you aren't eating many carbs, you'll never have elevated glucose, thus no ketoacidosis.\nand that's only if you eat hardly any carbs (less than 30g/day). most low-carb diets allow about 100g carbs/day. new study to support dr. hallberg:\n\"potatoes and cereals are health risk, while dairy is good for you,\" is the name of the article you can google. it's an observational study, so i personally would not use it to tell you that potatoes and cereal are bad, because correlation is not causation. however, lack of correlation is proof of lack of causation. when they show that high fat foods like meat and dairy are not linked to any cardiovascular problems, it's just more proof that we've been lied to for years. couple this study with the many studies showing a low-carb diet is better than low-fat, or even vegan diets, and we see the truth more clearly. @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch\ni already mentioned the a-to-z study and the 3 studies by dr. barnard. strange how vegans can't count. so 4 studies show a vegan diet provides no benefits beyond crappy ada diets and low-cholesterol diets, many studies show low-carb diets provide many health benefits. scientific integrity is something strange and exotic to vegans. @huai li \"couple this study with the many studies showing a low-carb diet is better than low-fat, or even vegan diets\"\nfollowed up by.\n\"there are none because nobody takes a vegan diet seriously\"\nonly takes a low-carber two comments to start contradicting himself. this is the anti-science mindset of low-carbers. @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch\nthere are none because nobody takes a vegan diet seriously: especially vegans. already showed you that dr. barnard proved 3 times that a vegan diet was no better than the ada diet (animal products) or a low-cholesterol diet (crappy diet with animal products). there are no studies that have ever shown a vegan diet provides any benefits unless compared to a diet where people eat ice-cream and cake all day. show me one study showing a low-carb diet is better than a vegan diet. she didn't insist on what type of fat one should eat. i don't think she said eat a lot of (processed) meat. she might have referred to the 'good fat' (one that is liquid at room temperature) i agree: best oils are the ones you said, huai! while she'd probably agree about processed meat, there is nothing special about fat that is liquid at room temperature. in fact, many of these fats are easily oxidized and are linked to cancer and increased mortality (soybean oil and canola oil). the best fats in bottle form are extra virgin olive oil, coconut oil, and high oleic sunflower oil. lard and beef tallow are also very good. one need only eat full fat dairy (cheese, milk, etc.), meat, nuts, and seeds to get sufficient fat rather than worry about processed oils in bottles. she's right! don't trust the dumb comments here! for more in-depth information about it, watch dr robert lustig's lectures... this one here sums it up for newbies. diabetus the only diet that has been proven to cure diabetes is a high carb low fat plant based diet. composed of mostly whole foods correlation does not imply causation. vegans and others who hate science ignore this important fact. yes, vegans who exercise, abstain from alcohol, abstain from cigarettes, have more money than the average person, avoid processed food, make tons of healthy life choices, and abstain from meat have significantly less diabetes than people who sit around watching tv all day, drink all the alcohol, smoke, eat ice-cream and cake all day, and eat animal products. you've convinced me, it's all about animal products.\nnow show me the many, many vegans who drink all the alcohol, sit around watching tv all day, eat vegan ice-cream and vegan cake all day, smoke, abstain from animal products, and have less diabetes than the average person. oh wait, they don't exist.\nnow, i'm still waiting for just one good study. i know none exist, and so do you. why pretend you have any science to support your faith? just admit: there are no good clinical studies. you didn't need any to convince you of your current faith because it is faith. a person who never used reason to come to an idea will not be swayed by reason to reject said idea. huai li the fact that vegans have significantly less diabetes is not faith based. you pretend to ignore that fact @luiza duarte\nwait, you claim to have read his studies, and yet you claim he reversed t2 diabetes? please, explain how you came to this conclusion based on the data provided. @luiza duarte\ni'm not desperate, it's really easy. vegan trolls who come commenting on this video are desperate.\nstill waiting for studies to support your assertion. vegan or not, your assertion is faith-based if you can't support it with studies. and loads of vit c !!! hw i curd m candid\nlife-lng suffrer discovrs\npowerful secret o yeast infetion freedom\nhttps://twitter.com/39fa68c295d81f5c2/status/784262969735516160 reversing typ 2 diabts strts with ignoring thee guidelines saraah hallbrg tdpurdueu dm2 has everything to do with the igf binding proteins. the igf binding proteins have an affinity to insulin, preventing insulin from binding to its active site on the cells, creating \"insulin resistance\". pubmed this topic and you will find a ton of new articles that prove this. its truly the mechanism for the disease and the cause of all the complication that result from dm2. igf-1 administration fixes it all from the neuropathy to the osteoporosis.\n-pharmd stop just stop fucking stop the best diet is the one a patient can follow for life, that's why a balanced diet is a good option for a lot of people. geez, this is atkins all over again. or is it banting all over again? banting was the first low-carb diet back in the 19th century that was hailed a miracle and one of the most successful programs for fat-loss. of course, the atkins diet was quite successful too, so why is that a bad thing?\nand how would you define \"balanced diet\"? it's something people love to say, but nobody can quantify it, which makes it worthless. amei a palestra, obg! amazing speach i love u for this wonderfull information in a tremendos way thank you this lady is going to get many diabetic people killed. roger shirley utter truth you have no idea. niurou hahsha utter crap @huai li you bring up a good point about no essential carbs. but there's glucose, which is essential. the body's resilience to indirectly make it via gluconeogenesis is a resouce, not sure making it the main source of fuel utilization is optimal. you bring up good points as well. diabetics can't process sugar for various reasons. and surviving is also different than thriving. if we have the option, we should elect to thrive. but that said, i'm always open to learning and will keep my eyes open should more consensus come out regarding low carb. but with low carb, in undoubtedly encourages animal product consumption inherently. so that's my \"beef\" with it. and diabetics can't process sugar for various reasons, not b/c it's too stressful on the body like lactose. diabetics can't process sugar due to glucose intolerance, insulin resistance or they don't produce insulin. these are the main reasons they can't process sugar, not b/c sugar is stressful to the body. simple sugars from processed foods are, but simple and complex carbs from unprocessed whole plant-rich foods high in nutrient-density tend to be much better overall. people can't process lactose b/c i believe we stop producing or never did produced lactase. but then again, we are not a cow either, so it's not surprise we lack this enzyme lactase. you don't have an enzyme deficiency in processing sugar. diabetics can't process it (mainly type 2) due to metabolic syndrome factors primarily driven by lifestyle (high bmi, high bp, central adiposity, high cholesterol, etc.). @ivan b\nyou are certainly the most reasonable and logical vegan i've come across, which is a pleasant experience.\nmost people aren't lactose intolerant. dairy is a staple over all the world. only asians are mostly lactose intolerant, and that's a subset i can't recall.\nif people are fairly healthy, then i think your diet is perfectly fine. in fact, it may be similar to the \"perfect health diet\", which is a very good diet from what i've learned and studied. f\nbut you make my point for me, in some ways, when you bring up those who are lactose intolerant. if you are lactose intolerant, would you skip dairy, or take all kinds of drugs and injections to eat dairy? the most natural reaction is to skip dairy. diabetics are that way with carbs. why eat carbs if you can't process them without lots of drugs and injections?\nketones are a perfect fuel source. it's a natural state that some societies have thrived on. furthermore, there are times when our ancestors couldn't get lots of carbs. they survived on ketones. the data is very strong that ketones are a great fuel source and it has many health benefits.\ni'm not a fan of full-blown ketosis 100% of the time, but if you're diabetic, it might be best. you do not need carbs to survive. you need fat and protein. there are no essential carbs. there are essential fats and essential amino acids. lovely presentation lots of interesting & important points raised we know that medication is the second answer to control high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol and many other conditions in most cases.\nthe answer is almost always dietary intake.\nless animal products, less fat, less processed foods, less caloric intake, less salt and preservatives is the general principal. here are some more studies. i know you believe that clinical studies are rare and weird and not something that is meaningful, but the rest of us know they are far better than any observational study.\na good article that links a group of studies can be found by googling:\ndietary carbohydrate restriction as the first approach in diabetes management: critical review and evidence base\nanother study:\na randomised trial of the feasibility of a low carbohydrate diet vs standard carbohydrate counting in adults with type 1 diabetes taking body weight into account\nhba1c decreased from 8.9 to 8.2 in t1 diabetics on low-carb, compared to those on a regular t1 diabetic diet (no change in hba1c in those in the control diet).\nthe effect of a low-carbohydrate, ketogenic diet versus a low-glycemic index diet on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. well, thank you for admitting that you don't understand science. you believe that all we have is correlation, and correlation is causation.\nyou must be unfamiliar with \"clinical studies\". you see, when you account for all variables, you can prove causality, though you are correct about not sure, absolute causality. however, it's orders of magnitude more accurate and reliable than correlation. correlation does not imply causation is the reason observational studies aren't used by any good scientist. which explains why you vegans only use correlation.\nso at least i now know why you never used any clinical studies. you don't know what they are. not surprising, as vegans don't know science. at least you have the courage to admit it. most vegans run away.\nso, let's do the world a favor and you need to start out with the statement \"i don't understand science, but i have very strong beliefs and feelings about diet with nothing to support those beliefs.\" it will save everyone loads of time.\n@absaalookemensch @huai li\nthere is almost no absolute causation in science, nearly all is correlation.\nthe higher the statistical correlation, the more probable.\nfunded by big pharma?\nyou really are obtuse.\nif the pharmaceuticals funded medical organizations, they would alter studies to show high fat/meat was good for you and veganism was bad.\noff to bed, getting ready for a day filled the the deficits of high meat/fat western diet.\ntomorrow is diabetic day. @absaalookemensch\nyou didn't show any studies which were not correlation. you posted links to statements by groups funded by big pharma.\nyou do understand that correlation is not causation? every study you posted was about correlation. as someone in the medical community, you should know the difference between correlation and causation.\nplease, tell us you understand that correlation is not causation. if you don't know that, who could ever have a conversation with you? @huai li\nyou show me the data disproving it.\ni showed you peer reviewed, evidence based data, including policy statement from the ada, nih, cdc.\nyou are incapable of comprehending that total vegetarianism is fully acceptable by the medical community.\nin my 35 years in healthcare do not every remember seeing a healthcare problem related to veganism, yet my days are filled with people who eat a high meat/fat diet.\nyou are incapable of understanding that you are wrong. ironically, asian with main energy from carbs, have much lower rate of type 2 diabetes than americans which has much higher portion of energy comes from fat and protein. low carbs diet is wrong. i ask you the last time: where is your scientific research evidence showing long term high fat diet is beneficial to diabetics or to a overall human heath? @niurou\ni'm delusional because i think people ought to have actual science to support their wacky ideas. i should be locked up. according to vegans, at least. because vegans think the idea that we should have \"facts\" and rely on crazy things like \"science\" makes one insane.\nthank you for admitting this. few vegans have the courage to admit they hate science and find facts to be bothersome and troublesome. i don't have diabetes, but i don't want to get it either, so i think this is great information for being preventive. nutrition, real nutrition and forcing on getting out in the sunshine more, and not taking all the prescriptions for things when as she said, it's not only unnecessary to take most of all the drugs were being bombarded with by the drug companies pushing them on the doctors to push them on to us, nutrition, good sleep, less stress, more time outside in nature, more walks, or fun activity, and spiritually seeking our lord god almighty, our creator and loving heavenly father, who wants the best for us. god bless. this totally contradicts other ideas. dr greger et al states that fat toxicity is the cause by blocking insulin receptors i dont know about others but it did heal me of pre diabetes and high blood pressure. yes, not that simple. you can easily get taken in by people you have cherry picked as being honest. you need a very good education yourself to steer through these minefields. not easy. the vegan diet promoters, even scientists like dr greger are really good - i mean really good - at cherry picking data. the people who promote gmo do the same. it does look legit, if you aren't being careful. one example is you find a group of people who are genetically homogeneous, completely unrelated to westerners, live in a totally different climate and lifestyle, and point out that their totally vegan diet(which may include some highly nutritious plant foods not available in a temperate climate or even conveniently forgetting they also eat fish) is responsible for their longevity. see! proof it works! ugh. also, just like the current head of the epa and climate change, they have generally not accepted that there is a chemical difference between the fat of corn-raised cattle and pastured cattle or bison, or the alteration of dairy fats caused by pasteurization. at least some are finally starting to accept the danger of oxidized vegetable oils. @huai li just a comment- dairy is healthy. the problem is pasteurization, high heat and high pressur used to make milk makes the faats dangerous for eating. pasteurized milk will clog arteries but raw milk does not. i guess those girls were able to handle the damaged fats somehow but sooner or later the damaged , heated fats will catch up to you. none of my comments are posting. in greger's first link, the study says the girls with the highest level of milk consumption had lower risk of early menache than girls with the lowest dairy intake. greger's citation completely contradicts his video. not surprising. correct ... doctors are mis-informed ...\nobesity, is not a dirty word. doctors look at it as \"too many calories in, too little exercise out\", when they should look at their own failure of not recognizing it as a \"fat accumulation problem\" and diagnose it as such. the ama would then spend time training doctors and do the research that is needed in the field of nutrition. evidence now shows that like any growth defect, obesity is a hormonal/regulatory disorder.\nsimple ... the ama (the most powerful lobby in washington) and nih have failed the patient ... physicians have abandoned the nutritional approach to patient diagnostics and medicine, simply because they are not trained in nutrition. a key part of the hippocratic oath ... \"i will prevent disease whenever i can, for prevention is preferable to cure... \", has been forgotten\ndoctors have allowed themselves to be \"trained\" by big pharma and the chemical industry, and this is under the purview of the ama and nih. doctors cannot answer simple nutritional questions ... irony.\n70 going on 100. the reason our body only uses gluconeogenesis as the primary source of fuel when we are starving is because it is inefficient. only 58% of proteins are turned into energy and the rest turns to ammonia (which is toxic). as opposed to carb metabolism in which 100% is turned into energy our bodies can use. this statement has truth. in the context of her talk of eating a high-fat diet. what is the relevance? who let this guys post this type of comments ? not eating carbs might lower insulin but won't cure your diabetes. eventually all low carb eaters will always go back to higher carb intakes . 23.53% of all deaths in us are from heart disease. heart disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women in the us and also the leading cause of death worldwide. more than half of the deaths that occur as a result of heart disease are in men. if your diet does not heal that then it ain't shit.\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3555979/\nof the 272,216 people in 4 cohort studies using the low-carbohydrate score, 15,981 (5.9%) cases of death from all-cause were reported. the risk of all-cause mortality among those with high low-carbohydrate score was significantly elevated: the pooled rr (95% ci) was 1.31 (1.071.59). a total of 3,214 (1.3%) cases of cvd death among 249,272 subjects in 3 cohort studies and 5,081 (2.3%) incident cvd cases among 220,691 people in different 4 cohort studies were reported. the risks of cvd mortality and incidence were not statistically increased: the pooled rrs (95% cis) were 1.10 (0.981.24) and 0.98 (0.781.24), respectively. analyses using low-carbohydrate/high-protein score yielded\nsimilar results. some studies suggested that low-carbohydrate diets might increase the\nrisk of mortality and cvd in animal-based dietary patterns whereas they might decrease the risk in plant-based diets. the estimates in all the other analyses using either score were non-significant and none of these studies revealed that low-carbohydrate diets were associated with a significantly decreased risk of these outcomes. so like i said in the beginning if your diet does reduce your risk of dying from the #1 cause of death with almost 25% of all death being attributed to heart disease then it ain't shit..... trever bull nature @clawed1234\nthe vegan known as trevor bull was posting a study on correlation. correlation is not causation. if you do not know that correlation does not imply causation, i can't expect you to understand anything more advanced. sorry, can't help vegans. did you not see the 4 cohort studies with 272,216 people? the statistics was to show what many people in the us die from and not as data. and now for some science: correlation does not imply causation. thank you. cut carbs and eat fat. but she doesn't actually say what exactly do we eat! just eat fat? she could at least give an example of a menu! @trever bull\nyep, listen to that fraud greger. he'll tell you one thing, then read his citations, and you'll see that he fabricated all of his lectures. most, if not all, of his citations don't support his lectures. he just hopes and prays that you are too lazy to read his citations. he's managed to trick thousands of vegans. look up dr. greger he will tell you exactly what foods to eat and why and what food not to eat and why, all sited with study not imaginary graphs that have no source code in the corner saying the source of this information like hallberg uses. sounds good. thank you :) limited time. you can eat veggies like spinach, cabbage, broccoli, etc. also, eat olives, coconut, avocado, beef, nuts, seeds, dairy. it's a lot of stuff, as long as it's real food (not out of a box or package) and most of your calories will be from fat. eventually, dr. hallberg reaches the point of her presentation, which is to eat more fat. as she puts it, lots of fat. unfortunately for her listeners, the conclusion she reaches is not sound. fat is not the answer, but part of the problem.\nmedical education is still a battleground, and various groups of physicians and researchers have not sorted out their differences. hallberg has chosen her group and point of view, but proceeds to ignore the contraindications of a fat-based diet. that is, while the diet itself mandates reduced carbohydrate intake to manage glucose and insulin levels, fat itself is associated in study after study (by medical researchers) with a host of chronic diseases.\nthis is not the message dr. hallberg's audience arrived to hear, of course, and she carefully avoids disappointing them by mentioning such unpleasant study data. but the data about fat is out in abundant detail at nutritionfacts.org. dr. michael greger, a noted vegan doctor whose work and advocacy parallels dr. neal barnard, dr. john mcdougall, dr. joel fuhrman and dr. c.b. esselstyn, has provided more than 1,500 easily-digested videos of five minutes or fewer on every imaginable dietary question.\nin point of fact-- and completely contrary to hallberg-- diabetic and pre-diabetic conditions can be reversed permanently and harmlessly by a diet rich in carbohydrates-- but of the right kind. fortunately, that is not hard to do with the whole food, plant-based diet. my favorite \"study\" claims people who eat breakfast are thinner than people who don't eat breakfast. i wonder who paid for that study? talk about correlation. i eat breakfast everyday, but i know it doesn't make me thinner. at least you know a little. key phrase \"fat is associated...\" now what does this mean? it means correlation. correlation does not imply causation. ice cream sales are associated/correlated with drownings. since we do not know causation, do you believe drownings are caused by ice cream sales, or vice versa? or, as any good scientist knows, the two things are only associated because of confounds (an unmeasured factor).\nthank for talking about dr. barnard and greger, both huge frauds. dr. barnard has proven 3 times that his ultra low-fat vegan diet has no benefit over the regular ada diet (with fat and animal products). dr. greger has proven to be a fraud because his citations do not support his statements. look to his \"fat causes insulin resistance\" and \"coconut oil is the devil\" videos. if you compare his citations to what he says in the lecture, it's night and day. were he a college student, he would be expelled for fabricating data.\nthere are many, many studies of a low-carb diet that show it improves all health markers, including insulin sensitivity. in order for your vegan logic to hold true, you would have to believe that a high-fat diet causes heart problems and insulin resistance, and at the same time, cures insulin resistance and heart disease. luckily, the rest of us use regular logic, not vegan logic. insane, crazed, deranged, fanatic, vegan alert!!!! it's the fact that interferes with insulin function in the first place that causes the problem is one that doesn't know what she's talking about our bodies run on carbohydrates our brains run exclusively on carbohydrates fat is the problem look up the rice diet kepler's rice diet this woman is teaching a low-carb diet which will do nothing but make you sick atkins diet really overweight with all kinds of heart disease you don't have to have heart disease to cure diabetes @tree orbs\nas long as you're cool with the sardinian diet of 26% dairy, plus meat and fish every week, then we have nothing to argue about. no and other blue zone areas eat primarily veg to.\nikaria: potatoes diet, small amounts of meat.\nsardinia: they do eat goat cheese, but they eat tons of beans and veg.\nloma linda: veg diet with tiny amounts of meat.\nnicola peninsula costa rica: beans squash and corn.meat doesn't even make the list.\nthese are the longest live areas. you have provided proven yourself wrong. what do you want me to investigate now professor? @tree orbs\n(it's \"you're\" not \"your\").\nyeah, i have no problem saying they eat more plants than meat. but they aren't eating 70% or more of their calories from plants. i eat more greens, peppers, cabbage, broccoli, tomatoes, celery, herbs, etc., by weight than meat. but more calories are from animal products. the big diabetes lie review\nhttps://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32320090-the-big-diabetes-lie ted talks used to be creative commons. why is this one not? fantastic talk on type 2. i work with obese people myself and if will power was the issue then no one would be over weight. i particularly enjoyed the area you covered on hunger signalling. covering how the more over weight you become the more skewed it becomes and the further into the vicious cycle of increased inflammation and insulin resistance. when a person of a certain level of obesity says they are hungry they are lying as there hunger control is broken. most people are unaware of this and their own behaviour is then clarified and the more you understand the easier it becomes to rectify. can you translate in ispanish is importante informacion about diabetes her voice sounds like a disney character. i like great speech! thank you!! dr adkins pushed this in the 1990's and early 2000's he died from a fall on ice, due to a head injury, but his medical advice is still valid. this lady proves it. what an incredible nonsense. sometimes it get's problematic, that anyone can upload anything on youtube. wow. thanks! it is amazing to realize that with all of the technological, chemical, mechanical and medicinal advancements we've made as a species we still struggle with one of most basic and fundamental necessities...what to eat :-( totally the opposite of what dr neal barnard says - eat a low fat diet! both are physicians but neal is a diabetes physician, assume he wins? dr. neal barnard has compared a vegan diet 3 times against other diets. the results were the same each time: the vegan diet was no better than the crappy control that had plenty of fat and animal products.\ni just find it hilarious that vegans always quote dr. barnard without ever reading any of his clinical studies. it's almost as if vegans avoid facts and evidence and just use faith... that can't possibly be n-hundred units per day difference - can it ? my type1 (~50kg) wife uses ~45 units per day as her total. victoria, same site for me, glad to hear your resuts have been so amazing? how long did that take for you? diet doctor i can't recommend it enough, age 38 type 2 diabetic since 1.5 years had gotten up to 350 lbs and fasting a1c was lowered from 9 to 7.2 with metformin but stil saw fastings in the range of 180-190, (where they want to add more meds) 1 month on lchf and intermmitent fasts (about 2-3 a week and down to 320, iive never been a junk food eater, but a chef and , so i've enjoyed getting back to french basics with lots of bernaise sauce and rich demi glace creams, eggs and bacon (i cure and smoke my own sometimes), i've done my fasting and post 1 and 2 hour meals. i've seen a few 98s before bed, and i've watchned my fasting go from avg 190 to a 114 today. so encouraging, and i want to clarity two more points i was still confused about and see in the threads below\n1. for anyone who thinks this is a temporary thing. i have done 2 tests since then, conscious deliberate cheats one football game with 2 bloody marys fried mushrooms, a burger with bun, and sweet delicious french fries (while being very strict gluten no below ground veggie grain sugar bad fat, legume free the rest of the time) and my morning blood sugar was unaffected which means that the fundamental process is reversing. my insulin has gone down.\n2. many type 2s like myself find morning their highest bg of the day, this is typical, this is because even non-diabetics bodies are meant to release glucose our bodies make while we sleep to provide basic energy requirements. howevere until we reverse the toxic environment of a diet full of sugar (anything \"healthy\" or low-fat), we have higher insulin which leads to the body making yet more glucose\n3. last point and this is the biggest for me, my waist has shrunk 2 inches only, i've got a long way to go, and want to have a consistent fasting 100 before i start cutting out the metformin. but my energy is so changed, my clarirty and sleep is improved, not only is it less hard to go to the gym, but i actually enjoy it. the point is this sloth and gluttony are caused by bad advice and a chemical reaction. secondly, on hflc i feel satisfied, rather than hungry and i think this is part of how this horrible disease works, it makes you more hungry and when your body is hungry it thinks your starving and if you use brute force to go on a ornish diet or count calories, your body says, its dangerous i better store this sugar as fat. thats what insulin does, in fact, that's the only way you can get fat is through insulin. my hope is that this diet will soon be the recommendation of drs everywhere for healthy non-diabetic people as well. i was type 2, on insulin and suffered 3 strokes. i beat diabetes via exercise and food regimen. i eat between 80-140 carbs per day. but the carbs i eat are all from fresh produce. no canned, no frozen, no processed (boxed or otherwise) food, no baked goods. a1c 4.7-5.0, dailies never reach 100. i eat only whole oats but no wheat et al. i beat diabetes in feb, 2009. sans exercise, diabetes wins. fuck this woman is stupid vegan alert! 50% of americans? not the vegans they're not is true.... i reversed type 2 dabetes. this is not a new recommendation ..\nand unfortunately also the wrong one ..\nlow-carbing makes you sick in the long run ..\none should look at a vegan diet - high carb / low fat\nread the book \"reversing diabetes\" by neil barnard\n:) more nonsense and lies from vegans. see all the studies and citations used? exactly, because being vegan is about faith and religion, not truth or science.\ni do love dr. neal barnard. he proved 3 times that a vegan diet provides no health benefit you can't get from cutting out processed/simple carbs. each study he published was definitive proof that a vegan diet is crap. but vegans don't read studies, so they don't know this. nothing new here dr bernstein has been saying this for years. just another paleo idiot! insane, crazed, deranged, vegan alert! interesting lecture, but i'd be careful increasing fats in the diet, especially saturated fats, without medical supervision diet when you have diabetes is unsafe. my father died when he followed all the advised of his dumb doctor. diabetes has a cure...common sense. why do you have diabetes? our body is functioning well because of some nutrients inside our body. once you lose those essential minerals inside your body you are surely in trouble. the main culprit is minerals deficiency. two of those rare minerals function as converter. meaning they will help your sugar converted into energy in no time and less insulin needed. what are those minerals???? hahah, cant take tgis serious. check out neal barnard huai li i believed every word dr barnard said, that i could get rid of my diabetes with beans, sweet potatoes, and pasta, and also because what the health terrified me, i went vegan for 6 months. it worsened my diabetes, gave me neuropathy pain where i didn't have it before. i didn't lose any weight. i admit, i thought he was an attractive guy with a calm voice and i was smitten. the low carb diet is the only thing that ever worked for me. 80 pounds in 9 months at one point in my life. went back to carbs and the weight flew back on. so. back to low carb for me. i have to be realistic. check the new research from john hopkins university. stunning research on human and animals. i do notice that vegans very conspicuously never actually tell us what dr. barnard has published. i will, because we know vegans have never read a single scientific study in their lives. dr. barnard put t2 diabetics on a low-fat (<10%) vegan diet for 74 weeks compared to the ada diet (crappy diet). at the end of the study, hba1c went from 8.05 to 7.75. that's awful. even worse: there was no difference between the vegan diet and the crappy ada diet that included fat and animal products (p=0.43).\ndr. barnard, the proven fraud, tried 2 more times to prove his vegan diet was awesome. both times, just like the first, showed his perfect vegan diet was no better than crappy control diets (ada diet and a low-cholesterol diet). so dr. barnard has proven 3 times that a vegan diet is pretty crappy and gives no special benefit you can't get while eating animal products with an average amount of fat. i would like to ask some questions. was it possible for those who improved their blood sugar with low carb high fat diets to eat carbs later without a spike? if they could not, then they have managed their blood sugars without medication or less medicines but have not reversed diabetes.\nbut the low fat vegan diet shows some shocking results to all who believe that diabetes is inability to handle carbs. diabetes is not carb toxicity. the low glycemic carbs, fruits and vegetables they eat with no fat or animal products does not spike their blood sugar.\nwhy is it so?\ni was diagnosed with type 2 just at the beginning of great lent, in 2000, about 10 years or more after my being diagnosed pre diabetic. i postponed medication as i was planning to fast. the fast involves vegan diet for 50 days as well as abstaining from food till noon. at the end of 50 days i went for getting my prescription. i had no diabetes and my high bp was also reversed.\ni became diabetic again after 5 years, that is about 11 years ago. at that time, i had been eating a lot of processed foods, chicken etc. and i was in a stressful job.\nrecently i tried the lchf diet. i can go off medication, including insulin, in a couple of weeks if i adhere to it strictly. but that is difficult for me as we do not habitually eat much fat .\ni tried neal barnard's vegan. i could not go without cheating. i ate fish in between . i gave up my daily egg, and i ate rice for lunch and our traditional rice based dishes with bananas for breakfast and dinner. at first my blood sugar went a bit high but it is gradually responding better. i can now eat bananas and custard apple without my blood sugar rising above 200. i have been on this for just over a week but with a festival full of sweets made with milk and ghee and birthdays and cakes, i have cheated a bit.\ni feel hungry often but that is because i did not add pulses to my meals. so i am deprived of protein. only when you combine beans and/ or pulses with grains would you get all the essential amino acids. i need to plan my meals better.\ni think both systems work. the vegan diet i suspect, can really reverse diabetes so that your ogtt is normal. the lchf can get you a normal hba1c and other reports\ni think if one follows vegan, it should not be for moral purposes, but as a therapy. once you have normal ogtt, one can balance vegan and non veg by following different menus on different days. or we can limit the quantity of fats and oils and meat because fat is hidden in everything we eat. non vegetarian food causes inflammation , they say. but ayurveda uses goat meat and cow ghee.\nperhaps as dr. mercola says, there is a blood group diet.\nthis lady thinks she has latched on to the only truth and is promoting it as such and wants to convert people to her way. that is because she is very exited about her findings. ye ok, we get that carbs make the glucose in our blood go up and that insuline wont work well when we're diabetic.. but instead of being radical about something vital (carbs), why not focus on fxiing insuline resistance issue?? she didn't even touch in exercise wasn't relevant to her talk. is her accent bostonian ? midwest twang. love her, but she has to work on that annoying accent. no. saturated fat from animal products cause insulin resistance and not carbs. it does this by gumming up the cells which doesn't allow insulin (the carrier) to get through to deliver glucose. she says we don't need carbs which indicates her lack of understanding what species we belong to. it's sad when a doctor (which is common sadly) does not know human anatomy and physiology. hint: compare our gi tract, hydrochloric acid in the stomach, dentures, hands, feet, olfactory ability, our vision, and etcetera with with a carnivore, omnivore, herbivore, or frugivore and you'll have your answer to what which species we belong to. i challenge all inclined to do this. another thing is she isn't discerning between carbs (complex, simple, glucose, fructose) her studies she sites are all flawed. :-) all the scientific research done that demonstrates what you describe above are completely outdated. the newest, most cutting-edge research is demonstrating exactly what this woman is saying in this video. get with the program bruh, science is constantly finding new things. ivo..you wouldn'tbe employed in any way by the sugar conglomeratewould you? :-d @ivo bove\nwow, you got just about everything wrong. no uncommon for a vegan. the truth to a vegan is like sunlight to a vampire: it burns and hurts them.\ndr. atkins did not die over-weight, nor from a heart attack, nor did he suffer from atherosclerosis. it's a wonderful lie vegan created to convince people that meat is murder. dr. atkins died from a heart infection.\nbut let's not forget that dr. pritikin, low-fat vegan, suffered from leukemia and committed suicide. i guess that means all vegans will get leukemia or commit suicide, if i were to use vegan logic. steve jobs died from pancreatic cancer despite being vegan/fruitatarian most of his life and using either the mcdougall or ornish diet to \"cure\" his cancer. so if i use vegan logic, all vegans are going to die of cancer.\nwhich of course is a stupid thing to say, but what do you expect from vegans?\nand again, how can a high-fat diet reverse t2 diabetes if fat causes insulin resistance? i have several studies that show insulin resistance was reversed on a high-fat diet. so how can a high-fat diet cause and cure insulin resistance? vegans have no answer because the truth burns them, so they must shun truth. truth is that a high-fat diet does not cause insulin resistance, carbs do. now, i may grant that fat+carbs causes more harm than carbs alone, but the studies are not rigorous enough yet to have a conclusion.\nso we see yet again that being vegan is about religious faith, not facts or truth. if it were not so, they would not need lies about dr. atkins or misinformation about fat and insulin resistance. i specifically stated saturated fat. diabetes is a carb utilization problem due to the fact that insulin cannot get through the cell wall to carry glucose. of course if someone limits their carbs that blood sugar will drop however they won't reverse their diabetes. staying long term on a high fat/protein diet alla atkins will raise uric acid levels and cause a host of problems in due time since our source of fuel is simple sugars. dr. atkins died overweight of a heart attack due to atherosclerosis. the keto diet is basically a revamped atkins diet. in order to reverse diabetes type ii, certain type i, and type 1.5 one can do it with either a low glycemic low fat raw plant based diet or even with an all fruit diet as fruit is fructose and doesn't require insulin as the carrier. fructose enters the cell wall by diffusion. could take a few weeks to a month for blood sugar to stabilize and stop yoyoing and will gradually come down with an all fruit diet. i personally don't subscribe to dr. bernard's method of using complex carbs as that would take longer as they are complex sugars which makes the body work harder at breaking them down to their simplest form. complex carbs will have blood sugar soar slowly throughout the day thus causing one to have higher blood sugar than if sticking with simple sugars. unfortunately there is lots of misinformation being disseminated making carbs the bad guys without discerning between simple and polysaccharides. this is on top of the lack of understanding that fructose and glucose work differently. it's ok. if one searches diligently and keeps at it they will come to the truth. all successes are preceded by failures. it's ok. we pick ourselves up and keep moving forward. we are here for eachother :-) @trever bull\nyou said that insulin resistance is caused by stored fat, which is the result of excess calories, regardless of fat, carb, or protein ingestion and regardless of plant or animal based diet.\nso again, you have proven that insulin resistance is not caused by eating fat, but by storing fat, which can come from any food.\nbut that's assuming what you said was true. from what we know from your past, you're probably wrong. but like a stopped clock, you have to get something right once in a while, right? what a hot blonde !!! you have the same approach with eric berg. one thing i've always wondered and my endocrinologist, as good-intentioned and informed as he may be, simply cannot answer is: if you're insulin resistant, why take insulin? my doctor tells me i make plenty of insulin. so why did he prescribe me insulin? he can't really answer that. 8 years ago i asked my doctor to plan me a downshift route to get off ssri med. he refused and told me that i was going to suffer extreme withdrawal and anxiety forever on.\ntwo years went by business as usual, but then - without telling my doctor - i halved my dose, six months from that halved again and so on, until finally in 2012 i stopped it completely. 9 years of pill popping finally ended.\nthey work for the acute crisis, but the industry wants people to believe that their lives depend on them forever. a truly professional doctor would plan a downshift route on that very moment they prescribe the pills to an acute patient... @ungoogleable o_o no, because most depression is temporary.\nreal, clinical, can't get out of bed and can't function depression is not very common.\nif drugs for depression were prescribed to only those with real depression, the drug companies would never have bothered to do the research. for most people with \"depression,\" all these big pharma pills are no better than a placebo. look it up. @eric k you would have to walk 500 miles and 500 more. a better cure for depression is a several mile walk through the woods a couple of times a day. really. healthcare is a business. if you go to a doctor because of depression, usually you come out with a prescription for (selective) serotonin takeback inhibitors and couple months of therapy. after the therapy, it's just popping pills. the healthcare system doesn't even have people working whose job description would be to help patients regain life control. everyones' profession is just to deal with the symptoms.\nnobody wants to really teach and help their patients to improve their lives to a point that the social worker would be out of job. big pharma is not going to be pleased if this information becomes common knowledge. i have type ii diabetes and have resolved to stop taking my prescribed meds and reverse my insulin resistance. i simply can't afford nor do i want to continue to take diabetes medication for the rest of my life. i've lost 20 pounds without exercise. one of my rules: don't eat until i'm full. eat until i'm no longer hungry. and only eat when i'm hungry. that might mean one meal a day. it just depends on the day. plenty of water and sleep. and breathe. never forget to breathe. @brian demarest thanks for posting. i assume you were referring to the sugar industry thread. it's not just big pharma. big drug store, big food, big soda, big sugar and big grain also lose billions.\nbut #1 loser would be the ada, who gets tens of millions of dollars every year from these companies for their \"search for a cure.\" and that pays a lot of big salaries at the ada.\nguess what, ada. there will never be a medical cure for type 2 diabetes. the only cure is what oberon pan did and what sarah hallberg recommends. time to admit you have been wrong for 40 years. *type 2 patients need to eat healthily, be physically active, and test their blood glucose.?* wtf? 40-65g of carbs in all meals!!! why is everyone crazy in these in there's videos? also bs again. you didn't say anything about minimum amount of carbs we need. as far as i know some parts of our bodylike for instance kidneys mustget carbs. you are md.you don't know it? search about keto diet. i eat max 30 grams of carbs per day. my weight is dropping and i feel great. it is too bad she don't give the name of the diet. it exists since 1920 @wynelle ulrich\ni'll just ask you the simple question i ask all vegans: where is your evidence?\nyour examples are, at best, based on correlation. correlation does not imply causation. almost all vegans only quote studies of correlation. hence my skepticism that this diet is based on anything scientific. you have faith it's healthy, but where is your science?\nvegans often quote dr. greger. he's funny, especially if you want to read his citations. almost none support his sermons...i mean lectures.\nvegans often mention dr. barnard. yet, every one of his studies shows there is no benefit to a vegan diet. he compared a vegan diet 2x to the ada diet and found no benefit to the vegan diet. he then compared it to a low-cholesterol diet, only to find again that a vegan diet offers nothing. this proves to me that vegans have never read his studies.\nso again, talk is cheap. where is your evidence? where are your studies? there are none. it's all based on faith. don't assume all vegans are choosing to be free of animal protein are doing so to protect the animals. many of us are choosing a flesh/egg/dairy-free diet to protect the people. personal health and more importantly the health of my family are the only reasons i need to choose wisely. my 'religion' does not even weigh in on the matter.\nyour assertions are based on multiple false assumptions, the most glaring of which is that carbohydrates are not essential to living a full, happy life. however 'full' and 'happy' are interpretations, you may be satisfied with a short undernourished and over-fed life. i guess if you are an eskimo that somehow hasn't experienced a traditional summer diet, that may still somehow hold true. the eskimo population however, has maintained a significantly higher mortality rate than populations that include a more substantial amount of carbohydrates in their diet. of course it would be presumptive to say it wouldn't be full & happy - if that's all you knew.\nyour assertion that eating only animal protein could provide life-sustaining nourishment in humans, without also promoting disease, is completely false.\nyour assertion that eating only plants cannot provide life-sustaining nourishment and longevity in humans, is also completely false. @wynelle ulrich\nanother vegan who thinks he understands something, but is only capable of repeating what his gurus/high-priests say. don't you guys ever get tired of parroting the words of others?\nno, carbs are not essential. it's been proven time and again that if you ate no carbs, you would live a full, happy life.\nthe same cannot be said about avoiding animal products. yep, you can \"survive\" on plants until you die from lack of b12. odds are, unless you are wealthy enough and live in a wealthy country, living off carbs will not get you all the essential nutrients you need. the plant version of omega-3 (essential) fatty acids are not absorbed as well and readily as the animal form. you need to make sure you eat a host of varieties of plants to get enough amino acids (as plants are mostly carbs). the form of iron found in plants is nowhere near as readily absorbed or used as the animal form.\nso let's use a little bit of logic (something most vegans must consciously toss away): a small piece of animal product (egg, meat, dairy, etc.) will provide you with essential fatty acids, complete and essential amino acids, easily absorbed iron, b12, and a host of other nutrients. you have to spend a lot of money and eat a lot of plants to get the equivalent nutrition from plants alone. so, using simple logic, what should we be eating? why, it seems animal products provide us with cheaper, complete, and easily digestible nutrients that plants alone can't ever measure up to.\nbut remember folks, being vegan is a religion. it's all about faith, faith that meat is murder. so if one does not murder, one will be blessed with health and longevity. i mean, if you're a morally superior person, that must mean that your diet is superior as well. at least, that's how vegans think. which is why it's all about faith, and they have to consciously reject science, facts, and truth to embrace the vegan belief system. \"essential\" as used by the ada doesn't mean that we need them or don't need them. it's a descriptor of specific required nutrients that our bodies are unable to synthesize from other acquired/consumed nutrients, therefore need to be consumed in their complete form. of course \"carbs\" are required - or more specifically \"starches\" and other plant foods are absolutely required. a perfectly adequate amount of essential fatty acids, amino acids, protein, nutrients, minerals and carbohydrates can all be obtained from plant foods (except possibly b-12). extracted oils, animal flesh and dairy - especially dairy - saturated fats are the root cause of insulin resistance. insulin resistance is not caused by \"carbs\". insulin resistance is caused by intramyocellular lipid, fat that is deposited in the muscle fibers that interferes with insulin signaling, causing the creation of excess insulin. go find the 1997 american journal of clinical nutrition. find the glycemic index. meat has a higher glycemic index than even white rice, pasta and potatoes. i reversed type ii diabetes with low carb-high fat. i didnt even have to excercise. i also lost weight. later on i ate less protein just because i wanted to lose even more weight. still dont exercise. the higher the fat % (same # of calories) the better i do. did you heard about freelee the banana girl???? she does high carb low fat diet and she has the best body and health i have ever seen. check her out here on youtube. excellent, excellent video. logical conclusions and evidence-based, factual information. id like to consult you. how do i contact you? any low enough calorie diet can reverse type 2 diabetes. -or you can eat really healthy and reverse type 2 diabetes and reverse diabetic retinopathy and reverse atherosclerosis (that leads to heart disease and stroke) and reduce your risk for many cancers: http://nutritionfacts.org/video/diabetes-reversal-is-it-the-calories-or-the-food/. from the clip \"so, we're talking diabetics who've had diabetes as long as 20 years, injecting 20 units of insulin a day, and then, as few as 13 days later, they're off insulin altogether, thanks to less than two weeks on a plant-based diet. patient 15: 32 units of insulin on the control diet, and then, 18 days later, none. lower blood sugars on 32 units less insulin. that's the power of plants.\"\nthe carbs in whole foods such as beans, vegetables, fruits even quinoa and sweet potatoes, do not effect the body the same as those in a can of soda, slice of pizza or a cookie. see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmc4rm5cpoi for some sugar truths from dr. lustig. everyone know white carbs turns into sugar in the body. no brainer, her advise is great, but i don't think they are revolutionary, just common sense. but the common medical practice is to tell diabetics, even t2 diabetics, to eat mostly carbs and hardly any fat. the opposite is true. regular people and diabetics ought to eat plenty of real fat and few, if any, carbs. a lot of people are arguing about her saying we don't need any carbs and she is right. we need glucose which we actually get from protein after enough has been used for protein synthesis. we also don't need that much glucose. there are a couple of functions carried out by your brain that require glucose exclusively, but if you are eating a moderate amount of protein you will have plenty. the rest of your body can run off of ketones, which is a form of energy created from breaking down amino acids and fatty acid chains from your standard fat sources. there are basically 2 diets that correlate with strong health. high fat, low carb, moderate protein and low fat, high carb, moderate protein. thats why when you look at a lot of countries in asia that have a very high carb diet, the counter is that they also tend to consume less fat. the problem with the american diet and the modern food epidemic is that we are eating a diet that is high carb, high fat, moderate protein. if you really want to eat healthy, then both a vegetarian and a ketogenic diet are good options. shut the front door! i thought it was due to carbohydrate restriction. nutrition books also do recommend carbohydrate intake up to 100-200grs i think.. could it be that this amount is covered on this diet? i thought fat was the worst on earth but it seems interesting. fat has been maligned since the 70s, yet that's when the obesity epidemic started. all the rigorous studies on health point out that fat is one of the best things we can eat for health. it is not related to heart attacks or heart disease, but sugar and carbs are both related to every health problem. #acv #asap cool rice and potatoes 12hours before consumption! polestars shiftfocus resistant starch is the key! #acv #asap no, it's not surprising, sweetie. it's called finance capitalism, the bane of our existence. cutted carb and protein little bit....what should we eat then??? only vegetables and fish? did you even watch this? she said eat fat. that means you get to eat meat, dairy, nuts, evoo, avocado, seeds, etc. real food you could find thousands of years ago. and who said anything about cutting protein? as a type 2 diabetic for over 20 years, i'm so glad this information is\ngetting out there. at the time i was diagnosed there wasn't that much\ninformation available to the general public. i followed the atkins diet\nand exercised to get the condition under control; however, now that i'm\nover 50 it requires better understanding of the issue and the main cause\nof the problem, which wasn't carbohydrates. the main problem was/is me!\nnow i'm doing a deeper dive into the condition and cause so i'll have\na better informed emotional connection to my success with defeating\nthis horrible disease. for detailed information & research get the\nbook: death to diabetes - an engineer that breaks down all avenues. or\nif your just looking for well managed guidelines in a shorter\npresentation: https://www.facebook.com/battlewithdiabetes/ this is straight policy if you going to low carb diet as a diabetic and eat plenty of fat and consume what she's recommended i can't see how you'll be much healthier it's because of the weight loss everyone on this page needs to understand when you lose weight and we're not talking about a few pounds we're talking about a substantial amount of weight that cause you to be diabetic when you eliminate that problem that is why your body reverses itself and also with nutrition so anyone that wants to know what to do just lose the weight and eat at least 80% healthy and your diabetes will be controlled i promise you that at this point i think any diet will work as long as you lose the weight or lose the habits that cause you to become diabetic i believe a plant-based nutritional diet is the best low carb is ok but i would lean more towards more vegetables because you became diabetic because of lack of vegetables and good nutrition as long as you stay away from processed food high-fat meats fried food i think you will lose the weight naturally which will cause your diabetes to become more controlled because the point is the more fat you eliminate off your body the better your body becomes to utilize the insulin in your body and we're talking about type 2 type one that's a different story what about dka ???? (cetoacidosis) also, dka happens when glucose levels are high. can one's glucose levels be high if one is not eating carbs? no. the same problem happens in nkhs (non-ketotic hyperosmalar syndrome). guess what: it's all the same problems and symptoms, but no ketones. the problem, again, is high-levels of glucose. in both dka and nkhs, blood glucose levels tend to exceed 400. so yeah, not happening at all if one does not eat carbs. diabetic ketoacidosis is a specialized condition that can only occur if your pancreas produces like next to no insulin. it happens regardless of diet and only occurs due to a deficiency in ones' pancreas. it typically only happens with type 1 diabetics or severe type 2 diabetics.\nthe majority of type 2 diabetics have normal, functional pancreas; they are just so insulin resistant that the normal amounts of insulin they produce aren't enough to lower their glucose levels fast enough after intake of a high-glycemic meal. as long as their pancreas' produce even a nominal amount of insulin, they will not experience ketoacidosis. someone send this to freelee the banana girl and her minions ew. did she really just say \"dr. oz\"? gtfoh. no wonder she sounds like a bad infomercial. she said \"i'll leave the grandstanding to dr. oz\" as in she's mocking him. my god. dr. sarah hallberg, your beautiful speech given here gave me hope/saved my life and led me into lchf lifestyle and eventually to a ketogenic. i have diabetes for 20 years since my teens. super insulin resistant since birth, during back then no one knew why i kept eating as a child. i used to be an active child as well. 7 years ago i finally went lchprotein when insulin therapy did not make sense to me with the vicious cycle of weight gain - work out more - eat less. i used to weight lift and cardio workout for 3 hours a day! intense training. though hba1c was only an acceptable 6 with the help of expansive medication and never reach anything lower. by year 7, i became extremely metabolically damaged from calorie in and out practice and 20 years of pumping in medication (trust me, i had them all...). to name a few symptoms i gained from the 20 years of being diabetic and working with what conventional doctors and dietitians had given me - brain fog, depression, acne, bowl issues, fatigue, hormone imbalance and diabetes was worsening. in 2016 found your speech. fat is essential! i switched up my macros to high fats. for 6 months i practice and studied lchf/ketogenic/cholesterol. all mentioned symptoms are healing, but the best is no more brain fog! no more fatigue! no more depression!!! though i gained fat mass during adaptation, while my body is correcting itself from prior damages and using up all the trapped up insulin. aesthetic aside! i know treating the symptom is first and when the body is healed, the weight will come off. but heck! my fasted blood reading is 5 and maybe once in a while a 6 without any medication!! no medication!!!!! i look forward to reverse my 20 year prison! thank you for your this wonderful life saving speech!!! thank you for your hard work dr. sarah! i cured my type 2 diabetes on a high carb, low fat vegan diet. before this, i restricted my carbs for years, which left me hungry all the time, depressed and i had a hard time comprehending information. beyond losing 60 pounds, curing my diabetes and ridding myself from depression, i've also seen a huge improvement in my brain functions. lady, you are tripping. bianca montes a friend of mine was at high risk of heart disease from clogged arteries (high cholesterol) so he was recommended medications to thin his blood... he decided he didn't want to be trapped and said no to medications... after basically being told he was an idiot from 3 doctors he turned to a naturopath who put him on a whole food plant based diet... after two months he went back to his original doctor to get tested and his blood cholesterol level had dropped dramatically, and to the disbelief of the doctor he had reversed his pre diabetes.... the doctor ended up getting angry and said how \"it was a fluke and you should still take the medication\"... bianca montes i love vegan chick's they taste great. keto krazy i agree there is no one size fits all! you can be vegan and also eat low carb, high fat, but it is a bit more challenging as the options are more limited. i tried that. i lost weight but had terrible cravings and couldn't maintain it. i prefer eating that way, but i am sticking to low carb high fat (that's what you were missing) moderate protein for now. zero cravings, clear thinking and more even energy. when i get my weight under control i will experiment with veganism again, but it might not be right for my body. everyone is different and i just learned that for myself experimenting with these two drastically different ways of eating. lol fruits and potatoes are bad but somehow processed oils are great for you what a joke video. no, actually her advice is solid. this way of eating works and is backed by science. @salim sukkar\nshe has a channel called fitteru where she talks about the keto diet. she has a video where she talks about \"good fats\" and says to use olive oil, coconut oil, and lard. she also has a video talking macro nutrient % and recommends 5-10%carb, 70-80%fat, 15-20%protein. i eat 2400 calories a day that would be 1680-1920 calories or 186-213 grams of fat or visual example 2-2 1/3 sticks of butter. where did you hear her say processed oils were ok? she says here to eat real food, which certainly does not include processed oils. she recommends in other videos to use coconut oil, olive oil, avocado, nuts, seeds, and full fat dairy. olive oil. is there a book recommendation for this kind of eating from dr. hallberg? i recommend the art and science of low carb living by phinney and volek. check out dr. bernstein's \"diabetes solution\". god...!\nyour words are a gift\ntks sarah concrete advice about what constitutes low carb, or \"lowish\" carb would have helped this talk. e.g. \"less than 100g daily is lowish for most individuals\". i'd like to hear the doctor's number. i doubt it is zero, even though she states the daily need for carb intake is zero - i view that as hyperbole. your body's daily glucose requirement is not zero. in the absence of dietary carbs glucogensis kicks (as she mentioned) in and protein is converted to glucose (which she did not get into in her talk). combine that low-carb intake with a low-calorie diet, deficient in protein, and you'll setup yourself for muscle wasting at a possibly alarming rate (e.g. a couple of ounces of muscle mass per day). the point was to loose fat not muscle. so, take all extreme statements (e.g. you're daily required intake of carb is \"zero\") with grain of salt - it is most likely hyperbole intended only to make a point. dr. hallberg states in another video that she keeps her carbs around 35g per day, which come from vegetables, nuts, seeds and a little bit from dairy. you don't need carbs but she definitely recommends nutritious, whole foods that includes a good amount of vegetables. she even says here that this diet is not zero carb. thanks. i understand the whole carbs/glucose/gluconeogenesis thing. sub 100 grams is easy by excluding all but veggies. i'm curious about the doctor's number! no, carbs are absolutely not necessary. i keep mine under 20 a day but still manage to eat lots of veggies. if i have an off day and eat carbs like i used to, my sugar skyrockets and i feel ill. i've lost 40 pounds just eating low carbs to keep my sugar controlled. carbs are not necessary, they just taste good. +jim trainor i think her comments would spark interest and perhaps have people look further into it. ted talks usually limited to a certain amount of time. how about i say differently: i think she over simplifies to the detriment of viewers who need concrete information. as an aside, consider \"rabbit starvation\". if you have only protein available for nutrition for an extended period you will get sick and starve to death. if you have protein + fat you will survive. if you have protein + carbs you will survive. so in the last case, carbs are indeed required to sustain life. a hyperbolic example, yes, but i was trying to make a point - perhaps unsuccessfully. diabetes and diets +eric k i've gone to the actual guidelines\nhttps://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015-scientific-report/pdfs/scientific-report-of-the-2015-dietary-guidelines-advisory-committee.pdf\nhere we go: (pg.244)\n'randomized dietary intervention studies have demonstrated that healthy dietary patterns exert clinically meaningful impact on cardiovascular risk factors, including blood lipids and blood pressure. additionally, research that includes specific nutrients in their description of dietary patterns indicate that *_patterns that are lower in saturated fat, cholesterol, and sodium and richer in fiber, potassium, and unsaturated fats are beneficial for reducing cardiovascular disease risk_* . dgac grade: strong'\nas a bonus, on page 386:\n'baroni et al. examined vegan, vegetarian, and omnivorous diets, both organically and conventionally grown, and *_found that the organically grown vegan diet had the most potential health benefits_* '\nthe choose my plate.gov opinion on this (basically a q&a on the dietary guidelines):\nhttps://www.choosemyplate.gov/2015-2020-dietary-guidelines-answers-your-questions\n' do i still need to watch my cholesterol intake ?\nwhile adequate evidence is not available for a quantitative limit for dietary cholesterol in the 2015-2020 dietary guidelines, cholesterol is still important to consider when building a healthy eating style. in fact, the *_dietary guidelines states that people should eat as little dietary cholesterol as possible_* .\nin general, foods that are higher in dietary cholesterol, such as fatty meats and high-fat dairy products, are also higher in saturated fats (which should be limited to 10% of total calories per day). the primary healthy eating style described in the dietary guidelines is limited in saturated fats, and thus, dietary cholesterol (about 100-300 mg across the various calorie levels).' cholesterol is not solid, but transfers are. 0% no cholesterol hydrogenated oils do not melt in the frying pan, what about in my warm body. i tried it once, figured it would not melt in my body so i threw it out. coconut oil and olive oil tastes so much better. many people are not old enough to know what real food is or what it tastes like, which the food industry knows full well. watch old movies, skinny people who always ate real whole food. the whole egg with the yolk. all this no fat nonsense has harmed most people and they don't know it or believe it because they have been so brainwashed. common sense. thank you. reversing diseases is a big no no. $$$$ will be lost to rx, the owner's of hospitals, food industry, brainwashing etc. i eat heavy carb daily and have no diabetes. i rarely take pharmaceutical products. i rarely get sick and have high energy levels. i eat lots of fats too. go figure. (yes, i am a bit overweight and also have above average immune number (17)). a non-medical person should be careful in using the word cure in this country. if something you share is eating into profits of big pharma, you will have swat teams knocking at your door and judges tossing you to jail. personally if you have diabetes , there are natural solutions out there. shalom. @glennpagemusic\ngood reply, but you'll get a better response talking to a wall. obviously, being vegan has lot to to with it. i hate big pharma. don't understand the rest of your reply. if you are here to argue, you may be brainwashed by big pharma and not aware of it. if you are diabetic, hey there are wonderful suggestions (lay people are banned by ***** **** to use the magic word cure) out there. all the best. that doesn't prove/mean anything. just because one, isolated person (you) doesn't get sick from a certain behavior, it doesn't mean the behavior doesn't cause bad things in general. pretty straightforward. fantastic information! does \"no sugar\" mean no fresh fruit either? cut the red meat? says who? if you choose to do so, feel free, but lots of low-carb people eat lots of red meat. there is no evidence that red meat causes any health problems. everything else you wrote is fine. correct, but raspberries and blueberries, esp rasp, are pretty low carb. you can have them in moderation on a low carb diet. vegans are so funny because they are so angry that dr. halberg is telling the truth. here's some harsh truth that vegans refuse to acknowledge:\ndr. neal barnard is considered one of the premiere scientists in the vegan community. he claims to have reversed t2 diabetes with his low-fat, vegan diet. but what do his published studies say?\nin his first study, he put t2 diabetics on a <10% fat (low-fat) vegan diet (no animal products, only plants) for 74 weeks. his control was the crappy ada diet (cut out sugar and simple carbs, but eat as much \"whole-wheat bread\", bagels, complex carbs and animal products as you like). after 74 weeks, hba1c went from 8.05 to 7.75. that's awful and still in the danger zone of getting their limbs amputated because of gangrene setting in.\nto add insult to injury, his crappy control diet was just as good as his awesome vegan diet. the result was p=0.43, meaning there was nothing special about the vegan diet and patients got the same benefits while eating animal products.\ndr. barnard, not to be dissuaded by facts and evidence, ran another study for 22 weeks, same parameters (vegan vs ada diet). the numbers were much better. the problem? no statistical difference between the diets (p=0.09). so once again, the vegan diet produced no benefits that one could not get while eating animal products.\nundaunted, dr. barnard ran another study, but not with diabetics. this time, it was obese, post-menopausal women, and only for 14 weeks. the control diet was a cholesterol lowering diet. the sad, sad results: p=0.17, there was no advantage to the vegan diet compared to another diet that included animal products.\nso 3 times dr. barnard has tried to prove a vegan diet has any advantage over a diet with animal products, and 3 times he has failed. yet, he still claims to have \"reversed t2 diabetes with a vegan diet.\" hmmm....something shady is going on here.\nnow, compare his results to a low-carb study on t2 diabetics. in 24 weeks, hba1c went from 8.8 down to 7.3. if you compare that to dr. barnard's 74 weeks study, those numbers are amazing! 4x the progress in 1/3 the time. sounds to me like dr. halberg is on to something.\nin fact, there are dozens of studies with much better results, and many stories about how awesome a low-carb diet is for those seeking to improve their health. if you believe in science, low-carb is the best diet for those who need to control their hba1c or reverse metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. if you don't believe in science, you're probably vegan and you'll cling to your religion. meat = murder and that's all that matters to vegans because every single good scientific study shows there is no benefit to a vegan diet unless you eat candy, ice-cream, and cake all day, every day. just about every diet out there, even the crappy ones, are about as good as a vegan diet, and many are much better. that's because being vegan is about being a religious fanatic, not about facts, evidence, or truth. well, you see, vegans have no science to support their beliefs, only faith. therefore, they must use ad-hominem attacks to discredit those who use science. if you attack their faith, they attack you, which is proof positive that they have nothing but faith. what overweight doctor? dr. hallberg is not overweight. fyi, i am not vegan. look at this overweight doctor (i'd estimate her bmi at 27-28), recommending a high fat diet with jiggy tricep fat. every vegan aged 50 i have seen is ripped and very carefree. i am a physician myself who has experimented with every type of diet. have had the same bmi (22) my entire adult life, whether i ate a high meat or no meat diet. i still eat meat socially, but at home i eat vegan and occasionally fish. there is no refuting the health, environmental, and ethical argument for veganism, believe me i tried.\nbut, i am not willing to accept the social, dating, and business life limitations of going vegan. at least i am honest with myself to admit it. i don't lie to myself and say meat and dairy is good for you. while that's all well and good, pretty much every study conducted on animals and humans consuming a low carb diet, showed an increased (faster) mortality. you okay with taking that chance? be my guest. diabetes type ii is not directly a state of carbohydrate toxicity; rather, is a state of fat toxicity. simple, nonfibrous carbohydrates are important to restrict as they do raise blood glucose and contribute to the problem, but saturated fat in the bloodstream that finds its way into muscle cells is the direct cause of insulin resistance. once inside, the fat breaks down into toxic metabolites which interfere with the complex signaling chain that begins with insulin at the cell's receptor and ends with glucose entry. while there are good fats (e.g. olive), simply recommending the consumption of 'fat' is irresponsible, possibly to disastrous proportions. you're absolutely correct,; when i visited asia, ( japan, korea, china) i mingled with the ordinary people and one of the biggest concerns was the us exporting fast food. there is a growing obesity problem in these countries. unfortunately they are starting to pick up on some of our bad habits. foods to eat and avoid to prevent cancer. source cdc https://stacks.cdc.gov/view/cdc/3527/cdc_3527_ds2.txt\nfoods thought to be associated with a decreased cancer risk include fruits, vegetables, and unprocessed, whole grains, and current recommendations for these foods are summarized in table 1. in addition, guidelines to reduce the development of obesity in children are indirectly related to cancer prevention, because obesity has been associated with cancer occurrence at several sites among adults. dietary guidelines to prevent obesity emphasize a reduction in the consumption of foods with low nutritional value and high energy density, such as refined sugars and\nsugar-sweetened beverages have a diet which includes at least 400 g per day of total fruits and vegetables. consume 3 or more ounce-equivalents of whole-grain products per day; at least half of grains consumed should come from whole grains.\nthe consumption of some food items may increase the risk of cancer because of the presence of carcinogenic substances in these items, either naturally occurring or resulting from storage or preparation. foods thought to be associated with an increased cancer risk include red and processed meats, salt, alcohol, foods\ncontaminated with mycotoxins such as aflatoxin, and arsenic-contaminated water [1-3,25,26]. current recommendations for food items associated with an increased cancer risk are summarized in table 2 red and processed meat. people who eat red meat to consume less than 500 g (18 oz) a week, very little if any to be processed. when selecting and preparing meat, make choices that are lean, low-fat, or fat-free. those who are not vegetarian are advised to moderate consumption of preserved\nmeat. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc1312295/\ntwenty questions on atherosclerosis:\nis atherosclerosis a disease affecting all animals or only certain animals?\natherosclerosis\naffects only herbivores. dogs, cats, tigers, and lions can be saturated\nwith fat and cholesterol, and atherosclerotic plaques do not develop\n(1, 2). the only way to produce atherosclerosis in a carnivore is to\ntake out the thyroid gland; then, for some reason, saturated fat and\ncholesterol have the same effect as in herbivores.\nare human beings herbivores, carnivores, or omnivores?\nalthough\nmost of us conduct our lives as omnivores, in that we eat flesh as well\nas vegetables and fruits, human beings have characteristics of\nherbivores, not carnivores (2). the appendages of carnivores are claws;\nthose of herbivores are hands or hooves. the teeth of carnivores are\nsharp; those of herbivores are mainly flat (for grinding). the\nintestinal tract of carnivores is short (3 times body length); that of\nherbivores, long (12 times body length). body cooling of carnivores is\ndone by panting; herbivores, by sweating. carnivores drink fluids by\nlapping; herbivores, by sipping. carnivores produce their own vitamin c,\nwhereas herbivores obtain it from their diet. thus, humans have\ncharacteristics of herbivores, not carnivores. she said we need no carbs? fail. she's been brainwashed. david bruce yes. no carbs are necessary for human existence. we can make it from protein if our body needs it. so as long as you're eating enough protein, you're fine. not if youre in ketosis. the ketone bodiesyour liver makes through keto diet will supply the energy your brain needs and will prevent you from entering a diabetic coma. it's \"bonk\" proof. this is from personal experience and i was t2 diabetic :) fangirl 27 oh ok @jesus is lord i wasn't really aiming my comment for someone. i was just letting everyone know that there are two types of carbs because not everyone knows that. fangirl 27 yes i know those carbs are bad but the person i replied to made it seem like all carbs in general is bad over 95% of americans are deficient in fiber intake. when eating whole\nfood plants fiber and carbohydrates are a packaged deal you cant get one\nwithout the other. a big problem with low carb diets is they're low in\nfiber which causes loads of issues. most plants are high carb so if your\navoiding carbs your avoiding plants.\nkey: carb %/fat%/protein%\nlegumes like beans & lentils 77/3/20\nroot vegetables like potatoes & carrots 90/5/5\ncooking veggies like celery & garlic 80/5/15\nleafy greens like kale mustard greens 70/10/20\ngrains like barley & brown rice 85/5/10\nfruit 90/0/10\nthe plants that are the exception:\nnuts very a lot 80/10/10 10/85/5\nolives 17/78/5\navocado 19/77/4\nflaxseed 22/66/12\nsoluble fiber is made up of sticky substances like gums and pectin,\nwhich form a gel-like substance when mixed with liquid. the gel binds\nwith cholesterol and bile acids in the small intestine and eliminates\nthem from the body. since bile acids are made from cholesterol, more of\nyour body's cholesterol is used up in replenishing the bile acids.\nhence, soluble fiber's well deserved reputation for lowering\ncholesterol. best sources of soluble fiber: oats, especially oat bran,\nbarley, dried beans, soybeans, apples, nuts, flax seeds and other fruits\nand vegetables.\ninsoluble fiber does not dissolve in water. it absorbs water as it\npasses through the body, which adds bulk to the stool and speeds up\ntransit time, preventing constipation and diverticulosis. it also helps\nreduce the risk of colon cancer by moving toxins and cancer causing\nsubstances (aka animal products) through the digestive tract more\nquickly. the best sources of insoluble fiber are wheat bran and whole\ngrain products. most plant foods contain both types of fiber. insoluble\nfiber is more common, found in most fruits and vegetables as well as\nbeans, grains and nuts. beware... she works for the meat and dairy industry. another \"low carb high fat\" marketing scheme. she sais we need 0 carbs... when in fact a study from cornell university suggests just the opposite. the daily recommended portion of meat is absolutely 0!!!! don't believe these lies!! she is promoting the cause of diabetes! @*****\nyes... keep consuming death and expecting life. see what you get. @***** maybe you should take five seconds and look because all animal products are acidic and have an acidic effect on the blood. whereas most plants are alkaline and the acidic fruit actually has an alkaline effect on the blood. @*****\nketosis makes your shit stink bad. also puts your body in a acidic state which causes a lot of ailments down the road. not to mention it supports animal cruelty. if what this \"doctor\" says is true then the people who consume the most carbohydrate like rice should bethe most obese. we dont see billions of obese chinese & indians though do we... yeah actually there is a higher percentage of chinese with diabetes than americans, now. it's not all carbohydrates, but you can see that their rates of diabetes increased sharply with their refined sugar consumption. especially if you are eating partially hydrogenated vegetable oils. most vegetables do not contain much, if any, fat. the process of hydrogenation allows corn to create corn oil, a most unnatural food product. high in omega 6's, your body does not know what to do with this \"food\" and so your immune response goes up as your body tries to get rid of it. also makes the cell walls stiff. gross. + fw poon: what about it? butter is butter and salt. very good saturated fat, and even better if you buy butter from cows that were grass fed, since it contains vitamin k2 which works in conjunction with vitamin d to heal the body. animal fat is fine too, since it is one ingredient. you should get the best quality food that you can afford, especially grass fed or free range or pastured. ever read the ingredients in margerine? so much garbage in there. not to mention that the fat on meat makes it taste better! @crankygoldfish\nwhy would leaner meat be better? i agree, you want unprocessed foods. fatty meats are very healthy. what is this bitch talking about? animal protein is linked to diabetes... china and japan ate rice for thousands and thousands of years and never had a diabetes problem. but they only started developing diabetes after their animal product consumption went up... animal products are so bad for you... this bitch is dumb daniel soares how do you know we're not meant to eat meat? india has the lowest meat consumption in the world and highest rates of heart disease and diabetes. true carnivors dont get diabetes or die of heart disease. only stupid humans who think we are meant to eat meat do man animals who eat other animals must all have diabetes then if believe you might be depressed or struggling with diabetes burnout contact my practice, as soon as possible. https://twitter.com/brianson555/status/757920630956101633 we can help! this is fantastic! great suggestions here. a great product that would compliment these suggestions or certainly convince you independently of its effectiveness that i can personally say works for anyone who is wanting to lose weight quickly, reverse diabetes within days, and / or help you sleep better, get more energy, boost their immune system...then feel free to reach out to me via text 515-991-3829. i was diagnosed with fibro 15 years ago and like many of you, understand the life changes and frustrations that come with it. luckily, i had a friend who cared about my health and situation that introduced me to a product that has left me feeling so much better the past month. if it can help me, then it can help you (trust me). i will take very little of your time yet provide as much support as you need! the greatest testimonies are the ones with some heart and that bring consistent results.\nhave a blessed day! i'm so confused, should i be following low carb diet or a more whole food diet. i am south asian with diabetes in family, recent weight has sky rocketed and want to make changes, but i'm seriously confused. i enjoy dr greger and i enjoy his findings and of course he has a strong vegan bias, but so many other lc docs. i am so confused!! it's the western high sugar diet that's causing obesity in other countries. processed foods and refined carbohydrates. fari, follow a low carb diet (it doesn't have to be whole food, just count your carbs). you might feel more satiated on whole foods and you will have an easier time getting your micronutrients (aka vitamins and minerals) but you don't have to eat whole foods only. i've been eating low carb (20-30 net carbs a day) for 6 months now (starting bmi 24.4, current bmi 19.4). i eat combo of whole foods (veg, nuts, chicken, beef, turkey) but i eat cheese, butter, bacon, charcuterie, burgers, dark chocolate as well. just keep your carbs low! @scut farkus\ni'll save us both some time: show me examples greger citing studies that actually support what he believes. look to his \"coconut oil is evil\" vid and his \"fat causes insulin resistance\" vids. his citations don't agree with his own assessments. +huai li dr greger is a fraud? please show examples of studies that support your bold claims. beautifully presented. what a wonderful tool for practitioners when trying to educate clients. thank you. this is backwards. meat and dairy isn't healthy for you, but a low carb diet promotes it. anyone get a bad nagging dry cough? the noodles in american style 'chinese' food tend to spike insulin levels even faster, and maybe higher, than the rice. the best advice given. also watch dr. terry wahls on youtube eat fats: ok, like bacon and sausage? @huai li it is crazy how we get different advice from different nutritionists. some say don't eat any oil, not even olive or coconut oil. some say potatoes are good, some say eating white potatoes is like eating a bowl of sugar. some say don't eat lectins, which are in beans. @david crandall\nyep. it means people are eating low-fat for no reason, and they are choosing carb heavy diets, both of which have created the obesity epidemic and diabetes epidemic. doesn't mean you shouldn't eat healthy veggies.\nit is odd that all studies show full fat milk, evoo, nuts, and fish are all strongly associated with low-body fat and heart health and have been for decades. yet, we're told to avoid or cut the fat. the american heart association, american diabetes association, and american cancer society, for instance, all recommend low-fat or no-fat dairy. the us department of agriculture, in their nutrition guidelines for americans, also advises, \"dairy group choices should be fat-free or low-fat.\" so what's the problem? the advice to eat low-fat foods, including dairy, is antiquated, at least back to the 1970s, when low-fat diets were first recommended. it's also not scientifically supported, and if you're choosing low-fat over full-fat, not only are you missing out on taste, flavor and satisfaction, but you're missing out on valuable benefits to your health benefits that come from eating full-fat foods. @david crandall\nyou can also eat avocado, olives, olive oil, evoo, coconut oil, lard. but yes, the video doesn't say to just eat fat. just that fat is healthy, even saturated fat is good for normal people without severe health problems. if someone has severe health problems, they ought to consider their personal situation. meat has been demonized for years, and fatty meat even more demonized. it's not something to fear. but be wise, veggies are full of polyphenols, phytonutrients, and anti-oxidants, and a host of other benefits.\nbut there are also many other caveats. if you aren't t2 diabetic or suffer from metabolic syndrome, then just eating real food tends to be enough. but since 2/3 of americans are over-weight or obese, and t2 diabetes is skyrocketing, this advice could help millions of people.\nberries and some fruits also probably fine. starchy and sugary fruit like bananas tend to be frowned on, and fruit overall can easily be over-eaten when trying to satisfy a sweet-tooth. so again, be wise. i am not a vegan and never will be. i think that is unhealthy to ignore such an important component of the food pyramid. steak, fish, chicken, turkey and pork is healthy. excellent speech very well said and explained the cause and the solution. thank you and god bless you wow, my mind has just been blown. i've suffered from type 2 diabetes since the 3rd grade and i am now in the 11th. i can truly say that the medicine that they give me doesn't help not one bit and i don't even take it because i feel like poo afterwards. yet my blood results come back great....? i'm gonna follow this video to the t. it's only when we know how the human body really works , that we can learn to respect it and finally preserve our health .thank you dr hallberg for sharing your precious knowledge and your clinical experience.it's an irreplaceable advice that the caregivers will provide for their patients this is so inspiring! simple rules for eating: eat real food. don't buy low fat foods. don't eat when not hungry. no gps (grains, potatoes, sugar). none of what she is saying about the guidelines by doctors is true. so when i work in the hospital and the diabetic patients are fed bread and juice at every meal, that's just them acting silly? yes, doctors are told to feed diabetics a diet high in carbs, and my local hospitals feed t1 and t2 diabetics carbs. they just make sure they check blood glucose and administer insulin constantly. last group subject to what? thank you sweet lady. clearly you are trying with loving passion to help the innocent with your life of education. professor noakes in south africa utterly concurs with your take and had a very interesting story here on youtube. keep up the big heart work. she is great. eat food, no products. brilliant. thanks. i love your passion and the heart you have to help. repeat any of this to the general population and sound like conspiracy nuts need to educate low carb vs getting carbs (complex) from veggies and promote fats that are healthy fats, such as avocados. i would love to see you use your platfrom to change the currently upside down food parymid that seems as though it was developed by and for the wheat industry. our culture puts everything between two pieces of bread! need to change that!! dr. sarah, you nailed it! for me, the nutritional ketogenic diethas solved all of my heath problems in less than 6 months. heya, the best effect that i have ever had was with blakes reversal plan (i found it on google) without a doubt the most useful diabetes plan i have ever tried. her arms looks fat and gross, if her diet makes me look that way no thank you there is nothing wrong with her arms. vegans are so smart and persuasive. \"hey, she's ugly, so her science is bad.\" of course, since vegans look like cadavers, then yeah, her arms look big. low-carb diet started some days ago.........1.5kg away! amazing explanation! pretty much just what my pcp told me. i cut way down on carbs (mostly breads and sweets) and otherwise just eat\"normally\" - nothing extreme. no longer am diabetic and lost 15 pounds in just a couple months. all labs back within normal limits. thank you for such an excellent presentation. wow. bravo! if you go high carb low fat vegan you loose weight and go health, fat is what cloghs up the sugar and gives you diabetic *finally revealed!!! a natural cure to diabetes and it's complications>>* https://www.facebook.com/natural-diabetes-center-901607423301177/?sk=app_190322544333196 can we get this lady off of the internet she is damaging to our health. the vegans are getting nervous. and this clown is one of them. soon there will be one millions views, amazing for a ted talk that's not about sex.\nas for this guy - insane vegan alert! i agree. let's get started. hey guys, the best success that i have ever had was with blakes reversal plan (i found it on google) without a doubt the most useful diabetes plan i have ever tried. pharmaceuticals objectives are to make money, lots of it. so they recommend carb intake so patience use more insulin which equals to more cash flow.\nit's wrong, but that's how it work. we need more doctors like this lady informing the world we get lied to everyday. this lady is full of it. @jhladdy ng\nhave some more, just for fun:\na low-carbohydrate as compared with a low-fat diet in severe obesity.\ncarbohydrate restriction has a more favorable impact on the metabolic syndrome than a low fat diet.\ndietary carbohydrate restriction as the first approach in diabetes management: critical review and evidence base @jhladdy ng\nagain, i can't post links, but here are some studies that prove it:\nlack of suppression of circulating free fatty acids and hypercholesterolemia during weight loss on a high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet.\ncomparison of isocaloric very low carbohydrate/high saturated fat and high carbohydrate/low saturated fat diets on body composition and cardiovascular risk.\nthese studies will mean nothing to you and you'll ignore them, but maybe someone with a brain will enjoy them. *groundbreaking new research shows how to reverse type 2 diabetes in 3 weeks*\n*go here==>**https://www.facebook.com/the-natural-treatments-764071047056397/app/?sk=app_115462065200508**>>>click it, hope it helps?* sarah hallberg is part of nutrition coalition which is funded by texas billionaire john arnold who also funds the nusi group of gary taubes.\none might be able to guess this without knowing because of the very similar philosophy of promoting diets high in animal fat and the disdain for the medical community that is expressed.\nhttp://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20151118006723/en/nutrition-coalition-appoints-dr.-sarah-hallberg-chair if he wants to improve health outcomes, he should start by picking competent people. a natural gas trader picks people like taubes, hallberg, and teicholz who have no formal experience in nutrition, weight management, metabolism, and diabetes. it's not too startling considering arnold has no background in these disciplines either. but he likes their libertarian personalities. these people keep showing up on fox news, forbes magazine, joe mercola's website, pat robertson's christian broadcasting network, and other libertarian corporate venues that like to bash the medical community and government agencies and praise the dissidents who have no experience because they like their corporate libertarian personalities. arnold was a natural gas trader. he is not a cattle rancher. he wants to improve health outcomes. he believes that the usda is full of crap. so what is the problem? this dangerous lunatic should not be allowed to speak publicly. clicked on this guy's name and guess what? insane, crazed, deranged vegan alert! she is right on track. there is tons of research being done and people are having positive results. i have found an exogenous ketone supplement that does help to reduce carb cravings plus many other benefits. there is even a vegan version. if you are in need of something that is working, let me know and i will give you the info. if anyone is wants to know more about curing diabetes the best success that i have had is called the diabetes crusher tactic (just google it) definately the no.1 guide that i have ever tried. it's rare that i'm surprized however watching this really would make anyone say wow i need to ask - did you know there's new cure\npeople around this planet are seeing improvement i learned about this by studying site take a look now search google for diabetes crusher tactic i've been studying diabetes and found a great website at diabetes crusher tactic (google it if you are interested) it's not many times ive been impressed but this video certainly made me say wow i need to ask - did viewers realise there is recent discovery\nstudents around this planet are getting results i learned about this from a resource take a look now just google for diabetes crusher tactic hi guys, interested in diabetes the best results that i have had was by using the diabetes crusher tactic (i found it on google) without a doubt the most incredible guide i've used. i take insulin i hate insulin ugh like magic, here come people in the comments pushing products.. oh my good, learn your stuff, lady. don't misinform people who think all doctors are smart! thank you! i was borderline diabetic, switched to a vegan diet. in the past 4 weeks i've gone from 305 to 275 and continue to lose, and feel much better. edema disappeared, joints no longer ache. diet consists of primarily rice and beans, with fruit and vegetables. when i was 23 i could lose 25 pounds in 2 weeks, easy. when your young literally your body is a machine. when you hit 40+ everything slows down, getting old sucks... net net, keep up whatever youre doing if you can, problem is, when you get older other responsibilities like family, mortgages car payments, insurance etc... like life, gets in the way... i never thought it woud happen, i was so so so athletic and muscle bound when i was young, now i live off of the muscles of my youth, but at 235... everything hurts, wish i was 180 again, hopefully i will get there... i am starting my version of modified atkins today... no fat, just salad with some protien on top like fish chicken or turkey... i did it once before and it was great, lost weight and felt good. problem is maintenance... i guess i will worry about that once i get to 180... wil lstart working out as well. cardio and lifting, like i did when i was 25... uh... wel... maybe not so intense. i know what to do, cause when i was young, like you i studied this stuff and was really into arnold, etc.... rocky, stallone and arnold were my guide, and they did prtty well, look at em both and they be old foggies already!!! i was 23 when i mad the change to my diet im now 27. but a whole foods plant based diet was not the first thing i did to try and lose weight. when i was in college i tried losing weight through a combination of 2h of exercise daily, eating what i thought was healthier and diet pills but after two months i gave up after not losing a single pound. shit i can gain or lose at least 5 lbs in three days just by changing what i eat because i paid such close attention of what foods would make me gain weight. how old are you? losingt weight so quickly with no excercise to me woudl indicate that you are below the age of 40... more likely 18-25 years old? at that age, you can conquer anything.... when i was a youngin, i could lose 10 lbs in a friday, saturday sunday workout, and one good dump!! @david crandall\nya and your talking about plants that have some type of toxic compound in them that is toxic that has nothing to do with the make up of fruits, veggies, and fungi. that's like saying because magic mushrooms will give you a trip all plants therefore will make you trip. all fruits and veggies have most of the same macro and mico nutrients just in different amounts they do not have toxic compounds like -amanitin, which is what makes amanita phalloides deadly. so your logic just makes no sens maybe your lacking carbs in your diet making it hard for you to think clearly. seeing this video i feel the need to share this because i spent years going from diet to diet without any success until i discovered dianas magic plan (just google it). it is without a doubt the most weight loss that i have ever had and i have kept it off to this day. glad to finally see something about this. what about beans (and freshly ground bean flour)? they are high in protein and great for vegetarians, but are also carbohydrates. pretty clearly a sprouted mung bean is more of a vegetable than an unsprouted mung bean, imo.\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mung_bean#bean_sprouts\nchia seeds, almonds, peanut and sesame seeds will get to your fibre ideal without blowing the bank on non-fibre carbs. isn't the suggested intake about 25 grams of fibre? yes.\ndon't want constipation limit the cheese or zero it out.\nsome of the above comments are for trever bull not k-brooks.\nnever trust a sucralose pusher which for the facebook ads pushing nutrisystems.\nconsider 2 day a week fasting and measure the bg so you know what works and what doesn't. morning bg pre-meal and then after meals downstream by an hour or two. she recommends no more than 10% of your calories from carbs that's around 50g depending on your calorie intake one cup of cooked black beans has 41g of carbs. if you plan on doing this diet you better get use to constipation because all fiber comes from plants and most plant are around 80% (+/-10) except nuts, seeds, avocados, and olives so you are going to be restricting your fiber intake. and what about sprouted legumes? sweet stuff what the primary source of energy in the human body? and specifically brain cells? i'm really disappointed that ted let this stupid person talked and try to ruin people's life. somebody has to be the voice of hope, for just one person. im glad this video was posted .since you dnt agree with this video, why are you making a verbal opion. it's true that it is not in guideline . because it is in ada standard of care supplement 2016 do you have a recipe book? the microbiome revolution in medicine is beginning to uncover the underappreciated role our healthy gut bacteria play in nutrition and health. http://nutritionfacts.org/video/microbiome-the-inside-story/ http://nutritionfacts.org/video/whats-your-gut-microbiome-enterotype/ http://nutritionfacts.org/video/how-to-change-your-enterotype/ http://nutritionfacts.org/video/how-to-change-your-enterotype/ thank you for re-enforcing what i had to experiment with in 2014 and find out for myself -- against the advice of two nutritionists and a past-fired doctor. i know my body best is something i began to really believe in, not these people, and definitely not any government guidelines. i eliminated the carbs almost 100 percent from my eating with only an occasional, say once a month slice of whole wheat bread or sandwich thins.\ni had not really thought about \"fats\". previously to watching this video i was eliminating those as well. i will rethink this. it would have been nice to hear your suggestions on what far to eat, such as suggestions. thank you judd, i will look into dr. berstein. you might want to read something by a dr. berstein who was a kind of pioneer in low/no carb diabetes treatment. the idea he proposed and what seems to be verified by studies done at duke is that we process/digest in stages. first carbs, then fats, then proteins. the results seem to indicate that if we restrict carbs the body can handle many more fats. this was, of course, the basis for the atkins folks and the more recent paleo diet people although they are only trying to promote weight loss, not glucose level management. if you eat a lot of carbs, the fats are not so necessary and end up being stored and the excess also leads to clogged arteries and other heart problems. all that seems to go away when the fats are processed to make glucose because there are few if any carbs available. while this may appear to work in the short run, the excess oil will eventually \"gunk\" up the energy processors that are your cells. cells run on glucose and the glucose receptors are shut down or inhibited by fats. at rest the average person burns approximately 1,600 calories per day, and what is being promoted is basically a starvation diet that will end in bingeing. a raw whole foods plant based diet is the only thing that will completely cure type two diabetes, that and exercise can cure you faster than you would expect. it should not be a 100% raw diet some plants require cooking to kill\ntoxins like mushrooms. a raw diet will get the fastest health change but its somewhat starving the body because its harder to extract calories from some uncooked foods. what separated man from ape was our ability to cook starches and get more glucose from less food to fuel brain development because glucose is virtually the sole fuel for the human brain except during prolonged starvation. up to 70% of the bodies glucose is used just in daily brain function. complex carbohydrates are like time-release capsules of sugar. simple carbohydrates are more like an injection of sugar. complex carbohydrates tend to be in natural foods and have long chains of sugar molecules that the liver gradually breaks down into the shorter glucose molecules the brain uses for fuel. well 99% of americans are not doing a raw whole foods plant based diet. give it up already. she is 100% correct in everything she says . i was diagnosed as t2d in april of 2014 . i weighed 255 pounds with a 42 inch waist. today i weigh 162 pounds with a 32 inch waist . i am no longer on diabetes medications . i eat probably 30-40 grams of carbs per day . i i have enormous amounts of energy and do not feel like i am missing out anything food wise. i look great ~! i am not cured of t2d but rather consider myself to have put my diabetes into remission by diet and weight loss. @thedynamiteguy\ntell your dr. he needs to learn about the affect of diet, carb load, in diabetes 11 and if he refuses change dr.s. jim mcintyre please can i contact you somehow to find out how you achieved this? my oh needs help. julie thompson everything made from plants do have carbs in it. even meat has some level of carbs. so yes you cannot get completely rid of carbs and you shouldn't try to either. when people state you don't need carb, it should not be seen as you are not allowed to get any carbs. it is just a statement, that carbs are not essential for your diet. just try to reach a balance in your diet, where carbs make up a minority of your diet, and you should be fine. generally you can follow the guidelines in this ted talk, and remove as much of bread, grains, potatoes, pasta, and sugar from your diet as possible. it won't be easy however, but it does get easier. jim mcintyre are the 30-40 grams of carbs the fruit you are eating or something else? your reply is appreciated. nice video! excuse me for the intrusion, i would appreciate your thoughts. have you researched - patlarny sugar outcome principle (erm, check it on google should be there)? it is a great one off product for reversing diabetes without the normal expense. ive heard some pretty good things about it and my mate at last got amazing results with it. thank you for spreading the word. i'm just getting started on the keto diet and liking it...although i miss my carbs :) but the fat is very satisfying and i love vegetables. don't care too much for fruit...just a little. so this is close to perfect for me. i'm filtering the flouride out of my life as well as gmos whenever possible...organic at home. those are valid points but there the saturated, monosaturated fats and even the unstripped unsaturated fats from plants source to add into the diet with lower toxic chemical loads. remember the above piece is about a lc high fat diet and there are more roads to it than one.\nso maybe not bacon but rather a huge salad with the best grade of olive oil. that said everything is mildly toxic and some of the fatter people i know are vegans and vegetarians. the epa reports that meat is contaminated with\nhigher levels of pesticides than any plant food. many chemical\npesticides are fat-soluble and accumulate in the fatty tissue of\nanimals. animal feed that contains animal products compounds the\naccumulation, which is directly passed to the human consumer.antibiotics, drugs, and hormones are a standard in animal husbandry, all of which accumulate and are passed on to consumers as well. ocean fish carry a higher risk for heavy metals than pesticides, though many freshwater fish are exposed to high levels of pesticides from contaminated water. stop eating the wheat completely and you will cure your diabetes. also eat good fats from seeds and nuts. one item this doctor does not address is how commonly prescribed medications cause the blood sugar to rise. good talk. i would like to add to it because it seems there is some confusion. yes, you need carbs as some of you have mentioned. they are required by our body (they are essential), although carbohydrates are not by definition \"essential nutritents\" because our body can make them from other sources (glucose can be made from fat or protein). (look up the definition of essential nutrient if this is confusing).... vegetables are carbs but they have some protein also, and very little fat in them. what she is recommending is not eliminating carbs but to get your carbs from non starchy veggies instead of from grains. get your carbs from mushrooms, leeks, onions, garlic, lettuce, kale, spinach, peas, beans, lentils, and small fruit (berries).....etc. and not from potatoes, grains, winter squash, or carrots......... which is very good advice. i am a nutritionist and spent many years working with clients with pre diabetes on an indian reservation. very difficult to be giving advice in conflict with the ada's recommendations...but i did it anyway. all the best in health, annette marsden m.s., c.n. (licensed as a certified nutritionist by the wa state dept of health) there's a tedx talk for reversing diabetes by eating all of the carbs you want but staying away from the fat, and there's another talk for reversing diabetes by eating all of the fat you want and staying away from carbs... wtf.. thank you for this presentation, she is so right about gps, eliminate them as these foods are foreign to the body. 'they' want us all to eat more carbohydrates because that is what the agricultural industry is sellin'.... +eric k i didn't say i was a vegan eric or point out any thing you just said eric, you need help eric, anger will only consume you eric. @gingerale not the point. tired of vegans posting here claiming that the only way to good health is by a vegan diet. it's just not the case. that's why i issue vegan alerts! +eric k hahahha oh my gosh im so hurt crazed fanatic vegan alert! 'they' want us to eat more protein because that is what the meat/dairy industry is selling this doesn't really give the answer other than don't eat sugar. duh. sugar is poison. gluton is 3x the normal amount in all grains. potatoes are not what they used to be. doctors do not have to take any nutrition classes! i actually had one tell me \"you are not what you eat, that is a fallacy.\" new doctor right away! god bless you dr. sarah hallberg. i have replaced rice for couscous, potatoes for sweet potatoes and had the most gorgeous aberdeen angus beef burger after a year in almost vegetarian diet. and feel great l am determine to reverse my diabetes 2 l am reluctantly taking 1 metforming.\nyour video inspires me more. excellent doctor explaining prejudices against fat people. i just thought of a good analogy of this low carb diet for diabetes patients. its like having a engine in a car that is knocking and having obvious problems and then just cutting the fuel line off. the engine stops running and then saying, \"its fixed!\" without ever fixing the real problem. i tried a low carb diet eating low carb healthy and natural foods. my workouts gradually sucked more and more to the point where a walk around the block would make me feel like i wanted to collapse and the last day i did the low carb bullshit, i felt the worst headache of my life and was very sick. i then ate a bunch of fruit and kept protein intake up through cage free eggs and my protein drink and within 1-2 days i felt like i came back alive! my workouts were back, reps were back and my sickness was gone. im not a doctor nor do i claim to be one, but i dont get how she says you can get energy from hard to digest fat/protein and she only mentions carbs, but not what type of carbs these people are eating and what is the true cause of diabetes. fat in the cells causes diabetes, intramyocellular lipids are in the cell blocking the insulin from transmitting glucose (energy our cells run on) in my research, keeping animal fats low to zero and low vegetable oils and eating fruits and veggies is the best thoughts. our bodies dont run on fat and protein, it runs on glucose. i think that low carb diet and high fat/protein for diabetes or anyone is dangerous in the long run and just a bandaid for temporary affects. my thoughts, thanks. what a great tedx talk by dr sarah halberg! cannot eat any grains...ibs. going on atkins...again. and my diabetic counselor told me to go for it. medical doc had a fit. it is what works best for my diabetic lifestyle. i will occasionally have cake,cookie etc. then i feel like crap. love wine but it's become a no no also. boo hoothanks for the video dr. she really annoyed me. eat fat, really lady. what kind of fatty food exactly? @huai li\nsorry my bad the percentage has doubled in the last year it was 1-2% now its 2-3.5%. anyways last i checked keto is still nothing but a fad diet and doesn't even have a real percentage of population seeing as its just some magic quick fix lol.\nlol all i hear is bs excuses out of you. david haye was told he would never fight again because of his shoulder now he's back and got 1ko in the first round and 1ko in the second round both against younger fighters and one that was undefeated.\nyou have yet to give one scientific study saying plants are bad. there are thousands of studies showing animal products causing many diseases from cancer to gout but let me guess those are all just bs. @trever bull\nvegans make up 3% of the population, but what does that matter? athletes make millions of dollars in an effort to be the best. what you are positing is that a diet that the entire world is aware of, that has been around for decades, is the diet. but these athletes whose entire life would change by embracing this diet just aren't doing it because....\nthis makes sense to a vegan (logic isn't their strong suit), but makes no sense to me. furthermore, why aren't these vegan athletes dominating? simple: a vegan diet isn't superior to a regular diet. there is no benefit that comes from abstaining from animal products. dr. barnard and many other researchers have proven this time after time. there isn't a single athlete in the world who would avoid a vegan diet if that means they could improve performance and decrease recovery time.\nsure, you can find a rare athlete here and there trying out a vegan diet. notice that most got most of their success before turning vegan, and they did not make amazing strides in their sport after turning vegan. a nobody in the nfl who turns vegan is only getting publicity because of his odd diet and we only have his word that it's improved anything.\nof course, i'm sure some of them are sincere religious adherents. but there's no evidence that going vegan improves anything. all the clinical evidence shows that. these athletes who are embracing a vegan diet are mediocre at best, none of them are anywhere near the top of their chosen sport. @huai li\ncheck out heavyweight david haye's story catherine johnson, vegan since 1998 (age 22). once won a single race. amazing! i can see why vegans are so impressed. i too would be impressed to find someone who has won 1, solitary, insignificant race back in 2005. so 7 years after going vegan, she won only 1 race and has done nothing in the 7 years since. amazing endorsement to the vegan life-style!\ncatra corbitt won 1 race in 2013. actually impressive. what else has she done? nothing. i thought being vegan made you the best athlete you could possibly be. why not more accomplishments? why losing so often to all these non-vegans? kinda thin, but deserving some respect.\namanda riester won the 2011 natural north america bodybuilding and fitness championships. and nothing else despite competing for years. vegans seem to be one-trick ponies. shouldn't this perfect diet help them defeat everyone without hardly any effort?\nsteph davis: i was actually quite impressed with her accomplishments, the first woman to do many climbs and other things. this was going to be the one vegan i could be very impressed with...until she said she wasn't vegan until 2008, and all her accomplishments were before 2008. oops, sorry vegans, not your victory, but mine.\nruth heidrich claims to have won tons of iron-man competitions and such. too bad there is no record of it anywhere but her own word. and we know that vegans never exaggerate the truth to push their fanatical religious agenda.\nvenus williams claims to follow a mostly vegan diet (and claims to cheat now and then).\ndoesn't it astound anyone that there are so few vegan athletes, and among those few, they don't do well at all. in fact, the ones who do best are the ones who are semi-vegan or mostly-vegan. hmmm...it's almost as if eating plants and animal products produce the best athletes! naw, can't be. the two most impressive \"vegan\" athletes that trever can come up with are not vegan, or weren't vegan when they accomplished their greatest feats. and trever doesn't find that strange at all.\n@trever bull more irina olhovskaya on xhamster com diabeetus i'm type 2 diabetic and have been on a ketogenic diet for 3 months now. i thought this was all bs when i first heard of it but i went from 375 to 330 within 2 months eating cheeses, bacon, avocados, sausages, and veggies while maintaining 3 exercise days per week lasting about 2 hours each.\noh and btw i've been away from my meds since the beginning of my diet and i feel fanfuckintastic. \"for as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. indeed,\nhe who sows the seed of murder and pain cannot reap joy and love.\"~ pythagoras @eric k martin luther king jr was probably a meat eater - but that doesn't make it ethical. @eric k lol no non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all\nevolution. until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still\nsavages\"~ thomas edison some people think the plant-based, whole-foods diet is extreme. half a\nmillion people a year will have their chests opened up and a vein taken\nfrom their leg and sewn onto their coronary artery. some people would\ncall that extreme. @eric k that's funny because every product you just named is loaded with added free oils and animal fats too many bagels, potato chips, pretzels, nacho chips, slices of pizza, fast-food meals (tons of carbs), french fries and coke. gotta get these people on dr. hallberg's lifestyle. i started to feel thirsty a month and half ago, with frequent urination (also at night), dehydration (dry mouth and skin), tingling in my hands and feet and tinnitus. at time i get kind of attacks, when i suddenly feel extreme thirst, tingling and nausea. pancreatic enzymes values in my blood are normal, so it the glucose. could it be some kind of diabetes or some other disease? @voltaspeeder17\ngreat news! just keep your sugar in check, keep it low, low bread and starchy veggies as well and you will be fine i think. meat protein is actually an excellent source of energy (double that of sugar), only protein energy doesn't cause insulin production, so you do not have diabetic reactions, you do not gain weight (insulin causes weight gain too) and the energy from it sticks with you so you are not hungry later, so you loose weight and are not hungry doing it. basically the atkin's diet, only it's not like anything you have done before and it is excellent for preventing diabetes, weight gain and a bunch of other conditions i have heard people cured with this. the high carbs/sugar in our diets the past few decades has really been the main problem in our society, when t hey went low fat (which was a big mistake and not the problem) products compensated with higher sugar levels for flavour.\ncheck out chocolate milk sometime! it's shocking, and many parents give it to their children. it has (at least the brand i checked) 28g per cup... that's 7 tsp per cup (4g = 1 tsp). check the labels on your drinks and foods for sugars and be prepared to be shocked. thank you, aprecciate it. it kinda got better (i was urinating up to 20 times per day and few times during the night) and it's pretty normal now. i think it got something to do with lack of electrolites which i lost after having diarhea for few days and after i rehydrated myself it's barable now. also i dont drink any sweet drinks, only water or some stuff with vitamines and minerals, hardly eating any sweets, sugar or processed food and my glucose levels in blood and urine were normal every single time so i hope it was not diabetes. we'll see what will doctors say... sounds exactly like the symptoms for diabetes. i was peeing 12 times a day, plus your eyesight may get worse as well. try cutting out all sugars, if you can reduce how much bread and starches (like in potatoes), do that too, you may be able to reverse it within a week or two. but get strict, reverse it now. sugar was key for me. i was diabetic and i went off all sugar and went off my meds, so it works, but you have to get strict, not even one can of cola or whatever. fukushima and radioactivity in seafood\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/fukushima-and-radioactivity-in-seafood/?utm_content=buffer04de9&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer can you list carbohydrates for me. roy reason people are confused is because can find on ted talks nutritional experts and medical doctors with one saying low carb and next one touting \"eat starch with vegetables\". one says low fat and next one says to eat more fat. one says eat meat for protein and go into ketosis while next one says be a vegetarian or vegan.\nhaving had a diabetic cat, then know that what she ate made a big difference. diet recommendations for cats can be just as confusing as for humans. ditto for horses. @huai li many folks feed horses grains, even with molasses on top (sweet feed). this is too much sugar for some horses and can cause health problems. laminitis is inflammation of laminae in hooves, which can lead to a condition called \"founder\" with painful lameness. some breeds, particularly hardy pony breeds, cannot take a lot of sugar in their feed without becoming overweight, developing insulin resistance and laminitis. i have to keep my icelandic horse off spring grasses that have too much sugar, for example. seems crazy that a horse can't eat grass, but i must find ways to limit the sugar intake and buy special processed lower sugar hay products. this took me awhile to learn for my horse. yes, horses digest things quite differently than humans. they do have pancreas (not sure horses get diabetes), but horses can get inflammatory response from too much sugar. -- they do not recommend increasing fats for horses, as this lady is recommending for people. cats just get high protein, but also not recommended to have the high fat. @megf\ninteresting. it makes sense for the cat, as cats are carnivores (despite the fact that some vegans try to force carnivores to eat a vegan diet), but that sounds odd for a horse. then again, i know nothing about horses, as i study humans. keto 101 good job doctor. good info, great energy! whole foods, plant based, no meat, no oil, no dairy. simple. steve jobs was on dr. ornish's diet to cure his pancreatic cancer. hmmmm. +matthew beal but in dr. ornish's study that everyone claims shows how great a vegan diet is, he gave subjects fish oil. hmm...sounds like another instance of vegans having no clue what their leaders teach or what their studies actually say. +matthew beal yeah, it's so easy eating beans and lentils and green veggies 21 meals a week. sounds like so much fun. this is basically close to the ketogenic diet. very low carbs, very moderate amounts of protein and lots of heathy fats including bacon. cheese, eggs, avocados, and many more. google this type of diet. it was recently featured on dr oz. what does that comment have to do with this? +douglas quinn despite the fact it was \"featured on dr oz\", this might be a good diet. :) this is way behind... we now know the cause of insulin resistance is fat toxicity in the muscle cells.. diabetes has been clinically reversed with a high carb/low fat vegan diet. look up dr neal bernard, dr john mcdougall, and dr micheal greggor so you can get the latest research... you can either manage your insulin resistance with the advice above... or you can get rid of your insulin resistance reverse your diabetes and go back to eating carbs like your biologically supposed to and feel great and get out and live life! cheers! :) go vegan. +jacob miles\ndr. greger is so awesome, right? like how he shows fat causes insulin resistance by citing a study where people inject soybean oil directly into their veins. that's how fat causes insulin resistance, right? you do know the studies greger uses to support his weird and outlandish claims, right? you aren't some religious zealot blindly spreading information that you don't actually understand or have even read right? because that would damage your credibility.\nfor those of you who don't understand science (vegans), directly injecting yourself with soybean oil is nothing like eating fat. another thing, soybean oil is pro-inflammatory and has been linked to cancer. so acting like soybean oil=all fat is another fallacy. so yeah, dr. greger is a bad scientist. but don't let that damage your faith in him. i'm sure you'll go out of your way to actually read the studies greger uses to support his ideas, right? no, you're a religious zealot who believes meat is murder. the science doesn't matter, it's about converting the world to believe that your way of life is superior.\nbtw, greger cites about 4 or 5 studies that are similar (fat directly injected into the vascular system) and each one has a glucose with it. how else does one gauge insulin resistance without carbs? so greger shows what a terrible scientist he is again. we claim that glucose causes insulin resistance. he looks at studies that inject people with fat and glucose, observes insulin resistance, and declares it's the fat, not the steady stream of glucose, that causes the insulin resistance. brilliant! at least if you're a vegan, it' must be brilliant because it says what you already believe. i suppose i would need to look at her studies.. but i do also know that it is possible on an extremly low calorie diet. but that is not healthy for the long term you are simply so low in calories that you are clearing the fat out of your blood and cells. with the vegan hc/lf they couldn't even eat enough to gain weight they have to basically force feed them to maintain the overweight state they are in. with my anecdotal experiance i feel great eating that many carbs with low fat. i have been able to do physical activity i didn't even realize i was capable of. and it is probably way off topic to you but eating animal products simply is unsustainable for the amount we consume... the amount of rainforest getting cut down and the irreversable damage to the oceans from fishing should make this a no brainer. and we dont need to put 80billion living feeling beings into constant suffering then death. vegan diet simply makes sense on an objective logical approach. please just think about it mabye look into it! :) take it all in :) who no longer has diabetes in her care... like i said would you like to manage your diabetes or reverse it. @jacob miles i guess all of dr. hallberg's patients that she has had success with are statistical anomalies? it is heartening to know that doctors from within american medical fraternity are opening the pandora's box way too more now in the recent past......we in india knew it from 1970s itself that american medical mafia can even go to the extent of scavenging for profit from dead bodies.....that's how bad they have been all these decades......kudos to dr hallberg and people of her tribe @gs narayanan we have a very long way to go. our fda (food and drug administration) is a total joke, as is the usda (dept. of agriculture). dear eric k you are certainly right. this is a fad which has grown too strong here in india. however thanks to a lot of \"realization & awareness campaigns\" which your own well meaning crusaders take up that have made the public here in india too wakeup to the reality that they are poison. so we must thank your vigilantes for that. i am also in awe of the societal structure of us wherein there is a lot of campaign against the ill effects of the actions of the medical mafia of the west. +gs narayanan don't forget our food and soda companies, that send you their poison. how big is coca cola in india? one critical flaw in this lecture is to neglect that the brain and nervous systems need ingestion of 140grams of carbohydrates per day to function. to make the statement, \"we do not need any carbohydrates\" is a dramatic statement that's simply inaccurate. while the mission to promote type 2 diabetic reversal is commendable the extreme rules identified are not helpful, nor necessary to reverse diabetes and outlines a diet management agenda that can be unrealistic for the common type 2 diabetic. parts of the brain run exclusively on carbs, but your body can naturally manfacture those carbs through the breakdown of glycerol (from fat). +maureen ganley so what happens if we don't get 140 grams of carbs? we lose our minds? and she never said not to eat green veggies, which have plenty of carbs. eggs and cholesterol raise serum cholesterol levels and cause oxidative stress:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10...\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/90...\nsaturated fat impairs anti-inflammatory properties of hdl:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16...\nrelation between progression of atherosclerosis and serum cholesterol:\nhttp://circ.ahajournals.org/content/1...\ncross sectional observation studies inadequate for heart disease research:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/31...\ndietary cholesterol and serum cholesterol:\nhttps://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1...\noptimal cholesterol levels:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15...\nrisk factors of atherosclerosis:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/artic...\nldl particle size and atherosclerosis:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/artic...\nsaturated fat, cholesterol, and serum cholesterol:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/artic...\nmethionine:\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18...\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15...\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22...\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21... +trever bull https://www.ted.com/talks/dean_ornish_on_healing?language=en sounds like dean ornish supports you.\ndean ornish talks about simple, low-tech and low-cost ways to take advantage of the body's natural desire to heal itself.\n\"if you don't remember anything else from this talk,\nthree grams a day of fish oil can reduce your risk of a heart attack\nand sudden death by 50 to 80 percent.\" - dean ormish\n\"so, an optimal diet is low in fat, low in the bad carbs,\nhigh in the good carbs and enough of the good fats.\" - dean ormish +trever bull read the new guidelines from the us government. eggs do not raise serum cholesterol.\nremember, vegans always lie. actually this guy is not a vegan, he's a starchivore. not sure what that means, but apparently, starchivores also lie.\nstarchivore alert! i have been on low carb high fat diet from last 14 days. lost 8 pounds, stopped taking my gerd medication, which i used to take every single day. i am a borderline with sugar in the blood. it is normal. and i am always full and not hungry at all. i feel full all the time on this diet and losing weight. not only does he look old, he looks bad. i sound like a vegan now, attacking someone's looks, but i can't help it. he has the skinniest, most emaciated arms i have ever seen, yet he has quite a protuberant gut. for some reason, vegans look to him as the pinnacle of health, yet they call dr. halberg and gary taubes obese. yeah, raising farm animals is going to destroy the earth. don't buy into that bs. +eric k lol 14 days hardly tells you whether or not someone is going to be healthy for the rest of their life! - losing weight over the shortterm is easy - being healthy til you're in your nineties is a whole different story. just ask my 97-year old vegan mother. besides none of us will have a planet to live on if we keep going our meat and dairy eating ways. - now that's really unhealthy. are you familiar with dr. michael greger? he is the vegan youtube guru. check him out. the guy is 43 but he looks 60. now that could be because baldness and genetics. but it does fit your theory of looking older. +eric k they did a study on vegans. they don't live any longer, they just look older. average doctors life span is..............56!!!! oops!!! i never take dietary advise from a doctor unless they specialize in modern nutrition! who has the most heart attacks? cardiologists!!! who has the highest alcoholism and suicide? psychiatrists!!! oops!!! get the trend!! over 85% of oncologists would not reccomend chemotherapy to anyone in their family!! in other words they don't think it works. i know this diet works. i have done it twenty years ago and people looked at me like i was crazy. the results spoke for themselves!! carbs are addictive!!! all the way with you iruparazzo .i have been spun the half truths for a decade plus. seems convincing, but she forgot to mention one thing that changes the entire picture. take a step back and ask, how does a person become insulin resistant?\nshe speaks of a way to reduce the symptoms of insulin resistance to the point that it seems cured. her solution is to eat fat so it keeps the blood sugar and insulin levels low. that's not a cure, but a symptom treatment.\nthe issue of insulin resistance in simple 5 steps\n1. as she mentioned sugar in the blood (from the food we eat) has to enter the cells of our body so we can function.\n2. to enter into our cells the sugar must go through a \"door\" to enter the \"house\" of a cell\n3. but the door has a lock that only insulin (key) can open\n4. insulin resistance is when insulin takes forever to unlock the door. in other words, insulin has become ineffective.\n5. because: someone filled the \"lock\" with grease (fat)\nso before talking about a solution, identify the real problem. insulin resistance is not where to focus. insulin resistance is the result of the real problem - fat where it doesn't belong.\nso the real solution is to remove the fat from the cells \"locks\", then you cure insulin resistance. and then you no longer have type 2 diabetes.\ndr. neal barnard recommends a plant-based diet with no animal products (vegan diet) with limited vegetable oils (fat), and low glycemic index foods (foods that will not increase the blood sugar levels as bad as she showed).\ni don't know which studies she says failed?\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3662288/\nplus fat has 9 calories per 1 gram while carbohydrate has 4 calories. this means we eat more calories on a high fat diet, then on a carbohydrate diet.\nplus did she \"forget\" to mention that a lot of type 2 diabetics also deal with high cholesterol levels?\nour body produces the amount of cholesterol, we need. so how do we get too much? by the food we eat. cholesterol is found in animal products (because it is an essential structural component of all animals), not in vegetables or fruit. so on a plant-based diet, you can also get off your cholesterol-lowering medication.\nplus she says she uses coconut flour (14:00 min)? coconut flour contains fat, and 90% of its fat is saturated fat, which can increase levels of \"bad\" ldl cholesterol.\n..... by the way, she said (8:15 min): \"we make glucose all the time and it's called gluconeogenesis.\" let me just clarify what that means.gluconeogenesis a metabolic process used to produce glucose (sugar/energy), which means it produces/converts something into glucose. it produces glucose from noncarbohydrate precursors, such as certain forms of proteins and fats or even lactic acid.\nvisit my website and learn more\nhttp://chrisfrydenlund.com/\nor connect with me on facebook\nhttp://www.facebook.com/chris-frydenlund-1046374612075878/ @*****\nyeah, you didn't actually read any of those studies now did you? because i've already agreed that a vegan diet is better than a crappy standard western diet. which is what almost all those studies compare a vegan diet with. amazing! someone on a vegan diet is healthier than someone who eats cookies and cake all day! stop the presses!\nso, how many of those studies linked were observational in nature? bet you don't know the difference between observational studies and clinical studies. otherwise you'd know that observational studies can never show causation. vegans love observational studies because they are full of confounds, which means they can make something look good which is actually quite meaningless (a vegan diet). but i must remind myself over and over, vegans don't know how science works. it's not even your fault, your own high-priests have taught you to embrace bad science. if you they didn't, none of you would ever claim that a vegan diet improves health with a straight face.\ni love the last study, the meta-analysis you posted. didn't read any of the studies linked in the meta-analysis, did you? if so, you'd see dr. barnard, who helped create it, misrepresents his own study! fancy that. a vegan liar proves beyond a doubt in 2 clinical studies that a vegan diet does nothing special to improve health compared to the crappy ada diet. what's the solution? don't change your ideas based on the data, finesse and fudge the data! see how dr. barnard did not include his first study (which showed most how worthless a vegan diet is), and his second study that he did include, he did not include the real raw numbers. he hand-picked a subset of subjects who performed best out of all of them and pretended those were the raw numbers.\njust keep telling yourself that this isn't unethical bad science. keep telling yourself it doesn't make vegans look shady and unscientific. keep telling yourself that a vegan diet is awesome! while your at it, keep telling yourself that water isn't wet and the sun does not shine. then wonder why people find vegans unreliable when it comes to all things science-related. @*****\njust look up dr. barnard's actual published studies. both of his actual clinical, peer-reviewed studies prove 100% that a vegan diet does nothing better than a crappy ada diet.\nthank you for admitting that you, a vegan, invoke dr. barnard's name and studies without ever having looked at his studies. most vegans aren't brave enough to admit that they are only parroting propaganda. most vegans pretend being vegan is about health and nutrition, when it's really about meat=murder.\nso if someone goes on a plant based diet, and their hba1c is still crap after 1.5 years, that's pretty much proof positive that a vegan diet a) does not reverse t2 diabetes and b) nor does a vegan diet cure insulin resistance.\ni'm so grateful to dr. barnard for proving beyond a reasonable doubt that a plant-based, low-fat vegan diet doesn't do anything he claims it does. so, wouldn't fasting take care of this problematic fat? interesting. thanks for sharing.\ni would like to see the studies you're talking about, so i can see what you're talking about.\nnow, let's take a deeper look at this issue...\nhba1c levels are reflective of blood glucose levels over the past six to eight weeks and do not reflect daily ups and downs of blood glucose.\nit may be true that a plant-based, low-fat and low-gi diet may cause more glucose into the blood than a low-carb diet and therefore not shown as great results on an hba1c-test. this again depends on what exactly is defined and used as a low-carb diet and plant-based, low-fat, low-gi diet. so please share the reports so we can see the amounts and types of food used in each study.\nglucose levels over time (hours) are a result of how well the body copes with glucose. treating insulin resistance by letting a minimum amount of glucose enter the bloodstream to ensure low glucose levels, does not reverse type 2 diabetes alone. i understand this is very important, but it doesn't treat insulin resistance. instead, it's a way to get around the resistance, and avoid the problem.\nwhat about treating insulin resistance? does a low-carb diet reverse insulin resistance and increase insulin sensitivity? it might to some extent (not that i have proof). a weight loss, associated with a change in diet, reverses inhibition of insulin sensitivity that is caused by overweight. but what about the endocrine fat (1)? and intramyocellular lipid that blocks the insulin receptor from letting in glucose to the mitochondria (2,3)? how effective is a low-carb diet on these issues?\nand besides lowering and controlling glucose levels how does a low-carb diet provide the minerals and vitamins that play a big role in anti-inflammation, antioxidation, and enhances detoxification that all help protect the body (4)?\nit is important to keep the broad picture. a low-carb diet may keep glucose levels lower than a plant-based, low-fat, low-gi diet, but keeping glucose levels low may not be enough to make the body heal completely and keep the body nourished and healthy.\n*resources:\n(1) adipose tissue as an endocrine organ\nhttp://press.endocrine.org/doi/full/10.1210/jc.2004-0395\n(2) intramyocellular lipid concentrations are correlated with insulin sensitivity in humans\nhttps://www.researchgate.net/publication/13261173_intramyocellular_lipid_concentrations_are_correlated_with_insulin_sensitivity_in_humans_a_1h_nmr_spectroscopy_study\n(3) mechanism of free fatty acidinduced insulin resistance in humans\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc507380/pdf/972859.pdf\n(4) broccoli as an example of a vegetable that is very beneficial\nhttp://www.whfoods.com/genpage.php?tname=foodspice&dbid=9 excellent talk :-) i used to be t2 diabetic... i'm not a doctor, but i figured it out on my own... first, i cut out sugars, although i still drink vodka like a fish... then, i minimized the carbs. really, carbs are just a different form of sugar... lastly, i added fats, but healthy fats... avacados, olive oil, coconut oil, bacon and bacon drippings... really, i'll spread some bacon drippings (cold and fairly hard), on some dark rye bread and give it a hefty sprinkling of himalayan pink salt and chow down...\noh! my consumption of red meat has also decline, but it wasn't something i intended to do... it just happened... my desire to eat heavy red meat has all but disappeared. i eat red meat perhaps once every couple of months. the problem with that is, it sits in my gut for an entire day... and don't forget veggies... for the amount of protein a person needs, it can be satisfied with several protein rich vegetables... for dinner, i had 2 pieces of pita bread, fried on low heat (med), in olive oil, with, in case you haven't guessed... homemade hummas... hummas (chick peas) is full of protein. so who needs meat...???\ni nearly forgot... everything i eat is organic - period. i also collect rain water, filter it and use it for drinking, cooking and brushing my teeth along with my homemade toothpaste...\nmany people are looking for a magic pill to cure diabetes... it will never happen... diabetics are customers. big pharma will never create a cure for one of their greatest money makers... cancer too... the real cure for diabetes is not a pill... it's one's diet and life-style... \"change the menu and change your life\"... :-) do not go \"high protein\". go high fat, which tends to be higher protein. however, the bulk of your calories must come from fat or you may have some health issues. eat lots of veggies: asparagus, cabbage, broccoli, spinach, onions, celery, leeks, garlic, etc. just pair those veggies with full fat milk, cream, cheese, beef, pork, nuts, etc. you are awesome dstray cat. i haven't taking any meds. back in march i had a dr appointment and with my blood results in the dr told me i had diabetes than he told me he wasn't sure it i was diabetic or pre-diabetic. i didn't trust his answer so i asked for a second test. today i was told i am not diabetic but are borderline. i have lost 32 pounds since march.. and was told by my nurse that i don't have to take meds but need to control my sugar. you have been amazing in helping me out..i will go today to the store and by the acv. i am drinking cinnamon in my water to help with the blood sugar..please any tips you can give me will help..and so far you have been doing just that..thank you again +vilma hernandez at the end of this, i'll add an article, which contains a video (watch the video and read the article)...\nsomething else i do, that i didn't mention in my first blurb is, i do \"intermittent fasting\". there are several ways to fast, but i do one day fasting and then eat the next... if i get hunger pangs, i drink warm water. i also add a couple tablespoons of both pure organic lemon juice and the same amount of apple cider vinegar (acv). the mixture cleans and heals the liver...\nit's worth noting that acv does the same job as metformin... the drug they like to give to diabetics... take one or the other, but not both... if you don't notice a drop in blood sugar, take more acv... it won't hurt you if you doubled it... metformin damages the kidneys, so be careful with that stuff... i can't get into more as i would simply be rewriting the book, i am writing... the name of which is at the end of the first blurb... now here's the article... enjoy! :-)\nhttp://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2016/05/07/too-much-protein-triggers-aging-cancer.aspx?utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20160507z1&et_cid=dm104653&et_rid=1475896980\nbtw, yes, i was type 2 diabetic, but my blood sugar has not gone over 10 (canadian measurement) in almost a year. i no longer take insulin or any of their bloody drugs... nature has a cure for everything... gradually, you'll learn to control it and then you'll learn to reverse it... heal the liver and pancreas... awesome thank you so much..i was just diagnose with t2 diabetes and don't want to take medication because i heard it only makes you worse. i want to control my sugars but find it difficult because i don't know exactly what to eat. someone said stay away from carbs and eat protein only..would you kindly give ideas as to what works for you please. when you say used to be diabetic, does that mean that you no longer are?..sorry this is all new to me +vilma hernandez you can multiply these ingredients... 4 tbsp baking soda, 4 tbsp coconut oil (organic), 5 drops, teatree oil, 5 drops nascent iodine, 5 drops cinnamon oil, and spice it up with peppermint oil... enjoy! btw, i brush with a soft brush for a minimum of 5 minutes. you can't reverse it. you can only try to control it. you have it for life. so what's the solution? does a fatty liver contribute to it or is it caused by diabetes? a lot of type 2 diabetics are apparently deficient in magnesium as well. is that a factor? how do you reverse insulin resistance? i agree with televisionarchives. whoever tells me they reversed their/their client's diabetes, should prove this by the patient/client passing a glucose challenge test! +eric k but eric how does a low-fat, low-carb, low-refined sugar diet reverse t2? what is the problem about t2 that you solve by using this diet?\nas dr. hallberg explains this diet keeps the need for insulin low. and with a less need for insulin, there's no reason to inject it. but why was there a need for great amounts of insulin to begin with? insulin resistance. so that's actually the real problem. does this diet deal with insulin resistance? no! why?\nto reverse t2 one must solve the issue of insulin resistance. the diet you and dr. hallberg suggests doesn't solve it, it's a symptom treatment, making sure the problem becomes less of a problem, but the problem is still there.\nthe issue of insulin resistance in simple 5 steps\n1. as she mentioned sugar in the blood (from the food we eat) has to enter the cells of our body so we can function.\n2. to enter into our cells the sugar must go through a \"door\" to enter the \"house\" of a cell\n3. but the door has a lock that only insulin (key) can open\n4. insulin resistance is when insulin takes forever to unlock the door. in other words, insulin has become ineffective.\n5. because: someone filled the \"lock\" with grease (fat)\nso the real solution is to remove the fat from the cells \"locks\", then you cure insulin resistance. and then you no longer have type 2 diabetes. +televisionarchives if you 80 years old, were diagnosed with t2, when you were 50, and are in terrible health, correct.\nbut if you are 35 and were just diagnosed with t2, you can reverse it by cutting out refined sugar and carbs (except carbs from green vegetables, which are fine). this is not rocket science. +televisionarchives people with type 1 diabetes will never be able to get off medication, simply because they body no longer produces the insulin they need. but people with type 2 diabetes can.\ntype 2 diabetes occurs when you are insulin resistant.\nthe issue of insulin resistance in simple 5 steps\n1. as she mentioned sugar in the blood (from the food we eat) has to enter the cells of our body so we can function.\n2. to enter into our cells the sugar must go through a \"door\" to enter the \"house\" of a cell\n3. but the door has a lock that only insulin (key) can open\n4. insulin resistance is when insulin takes forever to unlock the door. in other words, insulin has become ineffective.\n5. because: someone filled the \"lock\" with grease (fat)\nso the real solution is to remove the fat from the cells \"locks\", then you reverse insulin resistance (in some cases cure it). and then you no longer have type 2 diabetes. this is questionable advice we need 0 carbs in our diets!!!?????!!!! she forgets to talk about the many negative effects of ketosis and when it should be utilized by the body. most importantly, she doesn't talk about the difference between carbs that come from plant based whole foods and processed refined foods. my lifestyle consist of a high carb and low fat/protein diet. i have the blood work to prove im healthier than most people. and now my dad has been put on this lifestyle and guess what? healthier than he's ever been!!! yes her methods may resolve diabetes or obesity, but let me tell you it'll lead to other problems that she's not equipped to deal with. and why do you become into a ketoacidosis state?? prolonged ketosis +iheardthissongfirst she did not say no carbs...in fact she specifically stated that she did not mean zero carbs. +iheardthissongfirstcan you describe the negative effects of ketosis? have you experienced it? how do you know she's not equipped to deal with potential unforeseen problems when we don't know what those problems are yet?please tell me: what \"other problems\" can arise from americans adopting a low carb diet paradigm? do you foresee those problemshaving a greater public health and financial impactthan the current obesity/diabetes epidemic? it seems to me that you're defending a high carb diet because it works for you, but you probably aren't obese or have diabetes.about 25 million americans have diabetes and about 160 million americans are obese (source: nih).a high carb diet might work for your body and lifestyle, but most americans are not eating high carb combined with low fat/protein. they are eating processed foods high in fat, sugar, and carbohydrates,and most are not getting nearly enough daily exercise. on top of it all, americansare over-eating by an average of 500-800 calories per day. thank you, sarah, for sharing this insightful information. wonderful talk! carbs are not the problem. the natural way to reduce your blood sugar is to get your ass moving. @brian demarest\nlol :-d @christine marie - backs away slowly keeping my eye on you... @brian demarest mexican stand-off @christine marie - i have many many links to different studies. the metadata conclusion is exercise helps in many ways but it does not prevent or cure type 2 diabetes or many other diseases common in carb eating obese people.\ncarb eating obese people have far more diseases than non-carb eating healthy weight people. exercise is an element, but saying it's a prevention or cure is nonsense. @brian demarest the very first paragraph of thelink you sent me said that athletes seldom ever get type 2, but it is not uncommon that they have type 1.\nand if you are going to use anecdotal evidence, my sister is quite obese (300 lbs) but she is very active at 49 years old and her doctors find no sign of diabetes. shenot only eats donuts, but she also drinks alcohol.\nso i suppose the conclusion must be that everybody's metabolism and body chemistry is different. i'm really sorry about your brother. my system seems to work a little differently. when i eat carbs and protein, i do really well. but if i eat fat, i get fatter really quickly. +kitti mcconnell she leaves out how people become insulin resistant in the first place.\nthe issue of insulin resistance in simple 5 steps\n1. as she mentioned sugar in the blood (from the food we eat) has to enter the cells of our body so we can function.\n2. to enter into our cells the sugar must go through a \"door\" to enter the \"house\" of a cell\n3. but the door has a lock that only insulin (key) can open\n4. insulin resistance is when insulin takes forever to unlock the door. in other words, insulin has become ineffective.\n5. because: someone filled the \"lock\" with grease (fat)\nso before talking about a solution, identify the real problem. insulin resistance is not where to focus. insulin resistance is the result of the real problem - fat where it doesn't belong.\nso the real solution is to remove the fat from the cells \"locks\", then you cure insulin resistance. and then you no longer have type 2 diabetes. +kitti mcconnell she specifically mentioned that she was not talking about zero carb...just low carb. @crasch net thank you! it does not take much fat at all to reach those caloric minimums. i eat some protein, usually plant or fish based. at least half of my carbohydrates come from original plant sources, i.e. fruits and vegetable, not just processed cereals. i have to eat less fat than what is recommended, not sure why. it may be related to having a desk job or the fact that i have genetic predisposition to obesity. (that comes from genetic testing results, not assumption.) +kitti mcconnell are you eating fat with high amount of carbs and protein? you need to limit your protein too. most ketogenictic diets require you to get most of your calories from fat. you still eat carbs but highly fibrous and high nutrient carbs that are low in caloric absorption.\nthere is a faq on reddit that covers most dietary questions\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/keto/wiki/faq\nlast but not least, have you talked to a doctor before switching lifestyles? you may have a medical condition where a ketogentic diet may not be best for you. +kitti mcconnell ketosis is how you burn fat to lose weight. without that process, we would never lower body fat and weight. second there is no evidence that going into ketosis is bad for a normal body. if you are talking about ketoacidosis, that is when your body isn't processing the sugars in your blood stream making your blood go acidic. which is why diabetics watch out for their ketone levels when on a carby diet. it is one of the indicators of ketoacidosis. especially type 1 diabetics.\nalso she is talking about net carbs. carbs that are high nutritional value but have carbs that do not get used for energy in the body (fiber for example). leafy greens, limited number of avacados, celery for example. when i clicked on this i was prepared to sneer at the bullshit but i'm surprised; this has all be remarkably true for me (anecdotal, ymmv etc), when i was told i was prediabetic i lowered my carb (and overall caloric) intake but didn't give up any of my favorite fats. i lost weight and the doc claims i've completely reversed it (so long as i keep on the [pretty easy to maintain] diet of course) @iheardthissongfirst - thousands and thousands of people have been cured of t2d by getting off carbs. if it worked for your parents they gave up sugar and are eating fibrous carbs which don't get absorbed. there is 100% no way they are eating non fibrous and helping their diabetes. carbs are sugar. carbs spike insulin. this is what i believe and thats what you believe, but both my parents cured their t2d going on a high carb plant based diet. maybe they have some kind of gene that allows them to defy the \"standard\", but i will keep on preaching what i believe and have experienced @iheardthissongfirst - vegetables are great. i eat them every meal. carbs are not.\na vegetable based low protein diet causes bone issues, not a keto diet.\na well balanced keto diet, in no way, will cause osteoporosis. that's nonsense.\nyou probably have no idea what the diet entails. i never said i didn't eat carbs. +brian demarest or maybe both of them are false. you should really research a plant based diet. i truly believe that you will find the truth with that whats the name of the specific test that helps diagnose insulin resistance... or that helps measure the performance of your pancreas? eat fat? what if i have high cholesterol? what do i do then? +pravin lal it hasn't been proved that fat causes an increase of cholesterol. don't eat sugar and you'll be fine. about fats: healthy unprocessed ones. so basically, eat real food and go away from processed food, specially light products that take away the healthy fats they would normally contain and put sugar instead. i'm a senior citizen with type 2 diabetes. you talked about coconut flour. are there recipes for using this? do they involve yeast? as you can tell, i know very little about it. +malibu kazoo look at the website www.alldayidreamaboutfood.com, read books like keto clarity, dr b's website www.diabetes-book.com you are never too old to read, learn and change. good luck! wow, the vegans and low-fat cultists just keep blabbing on. i don't like the 'reverse' and 'cure' language. sure, my blood glucose is normal (a1c 5.4) but all i have to do is eat a slice of bread and, hey presto! i'm 'diabetic' again. this is not a 'cure' for everyone, it is a management strategy for just about every diabetic.\napparently some people do get a reversal. they can go back to 'normal' eating. i can't. the funny thing is she is not advocating to avoid fruits and vegetables, just avoid high net carb fruits and vegetables. cut out animal products and eat high carb low fat whole foods, thats how you will be healthy feel amazing loose weight and reverse type 2 diabetes. look up dr. neal bernard. +eric k lol \"the i'm not a troll you are argument\" impressive anyway i dont eat tofu troll, but good luck trollin. +deepwinter fanatic vegan alert! i failed on this diet.,, because i was having too much protein, 50% of protein is converted to glucose - so combining high protein with fats will slowly but surely raise your blood sugar. if you fail on this diet, pay attention to the amount of protein you are eating. +eric k in fact if you look at the chart she shows then you can clearly see the effect protein has by itself on blood glucose, but protein + fat at the same meal, well logically you would assume that would raise blood sugar higher, right? +eric k nah man, i just have sevre insulin resistance so need to take things a little further than most, look up gluconeogenisis, it's well documented that up to 50% protein turns into blood glucose. so combining 50g protein with lots of fat would theoretically raise blood sugar a lot, over an extended period of time anyway, +lewis don fanatic vegan alert! not certain about the points made but ,if anyone else trying to find out diabetes treatment and prevention try zamartar diabetes home remedy ( search on google ) ? ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my colleague got excellent results with it. +david shrestha - i'm certain about her points and so are many diabetes doctors now that the science is in. it absolutely works. obesity is not a disease! it's the result of eating fat, lots of fat in the form of meat dairy and processed vegetable oils. eliminate those and eat the wholefoods plant-based diet our bodies were meant to eat and you cure your obesity and reverse your type 2 diabetes. sounds crazy! what's crazier is eating an unnatural unhealthy fat laden diet. vegans and cultures with primarily plant-based cultural diets suffer the least amount of obesity and type 2 diabetes. wake up people! take responsibility for your health and stop believing these people who want you on diabetes medication for life. this woman is nuts! +themadchemist101 fanatic vegan alert! ma'am, i have been diabetic last 12 yrs , writing this from iraq, i am indian national. your presentation is so touching , i am into changing my life style , will let you know the results in next month . now my fasting is 130 and i am on multiple drug like mrtformin, sitagliptin , glympride etc, eating has been made into a chemistry experiment by the doctors that want to mint money. chris frydenlund\nand if there were any evidence to prove your silly beliefs, we would take you seriously. but there are none.\nmaybe you&#39;re referring to dr. greger? yeah, his evidence was that if you injected soybean oil and heparin into your vascular system, and added glucose, there was increased insulin resistance. if you understand anything about science, you see the huge problems with this study.\nfor one, injecting oil into yourself is not the same as eating oil. furthermore, soybean oil is pro-inflammatory and linked to cancer, so it does not represent all oils. last, you cannot have glucose and fat present, find a problem and blame fat. many studies show that excess glucose over long periods of time cause insulin resistance. dr. greger&#39;s only saving grace is that there is some evidence that excess free-fatty acids can cause insulin resistance. however, this phenomenon is more often associated with excess carbs turned into fat than one eating fat like coconut oil.\nvegans and science don&#39;t mix. it&#39;s because being vegan is a religion and has nothing to do with science. +gajanan phadte are you serious? you know the reason for insulin resistance is fat that blocks the insulin from effectively open the \"unlock the door\" to the house of the cell. coconut oil also contains 90% saturated fat, which can increase levels of \"bad\" ldl cholesterol, and a lot of diabetics deal with high cholesterol levels.\nso not a good idea! +swaraj bhowal drink coconut oil. it helps. basically advising a paleo diet. but, is there an inexpensive vegetarian way to do this? +peter rabitt fanatic vegan alert! so, if eating rice is bad, why aren't the chinese among the fattest people on the planet? also, why has insulin resistance gone up so much within the past 50 years? +mandarinlearner eating white rice may be problem; however, eating brown rice will not cause any health problems. chinese are healthy by eating rice and facing problems now because they switched from their traditional food to american foods (such as sugar, white flour, table salt, etc.). natural carbs with nutrient does not harm instead healthy (white sugar and flour deprived of nutrient but rich is carbs). impressive she's right!!! i simply cannot believe this woman believes anything she is saying. i want to vomit after listening to her low carb bullshit. 'dr\" hallberg, what is your problem? you know damn well that t2 diabetes is caused by obesity that is caused by a high intake of fat and animal products. you know this! the insulin cant do its job because fat blocks it... intramyolipid fat prevents insulin from allowing sugar to enter the cell thus leading to elevated sugar levels in the bloodstream ( or extra cellular) insulin secretion is doubled when meat is added to any high carb meal. high insulin levels leads to a double whammy...... more calories are stored as fat and blood sugar levels drop leading you to feel hungry again sooner. that is why you feel hungry again so soon after eating chinese food which is loaded with fat and meat.... it has nothing to do with the rice you idiot... in fact, you want a high glycemic response to happen because your body determines when to stop eating based on the carbohydrate intake. this is what serotonin does ( amongst other things). also, when we consume artificial sweeteners such as aspartame ( nutrasweet), it interferes with the absorption of tryptophan which is responsible for creating serotonin. this leads to increased hunger because your body doesn't keep track of the amount of carbohydrates and miscalculates. try giving up artificial sweeteners for awhile and see what happens to your hunger.... it will go down. then drink a diet soda with aspartame again and watch your hunger levels go through the roof. the fast food places know this and promote soda drinking constantly.\nand how dare you say such stupid and dangerous things such as the recommended allowance for glucose is 0 . are you really this fucking stupid? every cell runs on glucose. its what your brain demands. its called diabetic keto acidosis when you can't get sugar into your cell and its life threatening... honestly as an er nurse for 17 years, your license should be revoked. shame on you. you know better... i guess though there isn't enough money in simply eating correctly is there? the hard truth is to lose the weight and eat whole foods and stay away from animal products, processed foods and oil and all dairy. there is no magic bullet, no fairy godmother. its called simple hard work and that takes time. @peter mainwald\ni'm having a delicious zero-junk carb, zero-sugar omelet for breakfast tomorrow. what are you having? +peter mainwald fanatic vegan alert! +peter mainwald hmmm, as someone in the medical field, working in a hospital, who is abreast of the latest research in this area and working with patients about this stuff on a regular basis, i would advise you to actually look at some of the latest research and developments in this area rather than swearing and talking about something that you are clearly not current on the science about. medline plus is a good place to start. begin with learning the basic science about cellular respiration and insulin resistance. +peter mainwald\ngood lord peter, my hat's off to you sir... i believe you nailed it right on the head. well done.\nyes i recently started the whole family on juicing and blending greens and fruits... we have never felt better!\nbit of apple cider vinegar in a glass of water every day don't hurt... you know you're on a winner when the teenagers come home with fruit and veg to juice or blend after work. this woman is an idiot and dangerous. she has not a fucking clue as to what she is talking about. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1038/oby.2006.47/full\nthis study shows that fats may be the root cause of diabetes.... +samuel roberts vegan alert! vegan alert! wow, a true doctor and one who looks out for the health of her patients and helps them get off medications!!!! good for her!!!! every single one of the most long lived cultures on the planet are high carb and low fat diets...they also have the lowest rates of chronic degenerative diseases anywhere on the planet!\neveryone should check out the blue zones! +leornado da vinci interesting points ,if anyone else wants to uncover what to eat to prevent diabetes try zamartar diabetes home remedy (do a google search ) ? ive heard some super things about it and my partner got great success with it. this video are very useful for diabetes pt reminds me of the book \"sugar busters\". been following those guidelines for 5 years. started just 2 weeks after i got my diagnosis type 2. searching for information and stumbled upon \"diet doctor\" ( swedish version - i am swedish). the result: after 4 months normal blood sugar and no medicine any more. still on the wagon and normal sugar levels and no medicine. i'm not a t2d i'm a t1d. but i have seen such a great improvement in my management by eating a high carb plant-based diet. my insulin sensitivity skyrocketed and my most recent a1c was 5.4. why are some of you under the impression that low to no carb diets can't be achieved while also being vegan? it's totally doable. there are plenty of veggies and nuts that are high in protein and fats and low in carbs. tofu can substitute for meats as well. it's high in protein and low in carbs. the only thing you have to limit really is fruits, other than that it's cakewalk. judging by the variety of comments,i suppose that peoples bodies\nhandle a variety of diets differently. +kitti mcconnell once a persons body is cleaned of processed and animal foods, high carb and low fat protein diets will work for everyone. the only reason why it wouldn't work for someone is if they have a disease not relating to diet. +megan lewis actually that is false, if you mean that you have a disease, than yes what you say is true. even if there was a gene, the only reason why it would be activated is by your diet. plant-based diets are \"genetically\" encrypted in humans. we are frugivores. not carnivores or omnivores +megan lewis i agree. i do very poorly with fats, but very well with carbohydrates and proteins. it is important to try different diets until you find out what works for you. what the fuck are these bullshit lies. you need carbs. every single cell in the body runs on glucose. diabetes stems from lipid toxicity not carbohydrate toxicity . how did this woman get an entire ted talk??? she's literally giving the worst advice contrary to so much medical research +helen fitzmaurice not another one. you can't keep these people away from this site. vegan alert! vegan alert! sound the alarm! i don't even know where to start. this video is all wrong! glucose stays in your blood because of sticky fats in our blood slowing circulation. this causes glucose to get to the cells they feed very slowly. also lipids(fats) in the cells block insulin response. the body runs on glucose that comes from carbs. she needs to read the china study. her lack of knowledge is apaulling. high fats and proteins cause diabetes, cancer, and heart disease. i would like to see her long term success stories. they don't exist. whole food high carb low fat vegan is the only long term solution. notice how she doesn't specifically name one long term study. we have been eating carbohydrates for 1000s of years. vegetable oil and factory farming caused the increase of fat in our diet and that is why we are all sick. i am cured my diabetes by eating high carb low fat. i caught diabetes from low carb high fats. there is no evidence that a high-fat diet is not healthy. and, we get to eat yummy-tasting food that you don't. fat does not make you fat. gluttony makes you fat. +eric k china study is it a joke? i cured my diabetes going vegan/low fat and my cholesterol is the lowest it has been in my life. i have had short term success with this kind of diet. for most of my life i agreed and eventually i got what gave me diabetes. the the root cause of diabetes is intramyocellular lipids blocking insulin and glucose from entering the cells. the long term effects of a high fat diet is bad. but go ahead and keep on eating it if you think the science is strong. please feel free to share any study you have seen that will enlighten me. cosmic, first of all congrats. proud of you. you are young and already have gained a hold on your health and well being. eating well is not eating fast. actual food takes time to prepare and with and can be difficult when others are not on the same path. stick to your guns and keep it up. please write back with updates. i'm down 35lbs more to go. as i registered dietitian, don't follow this advise. she is forgetting two major issues, the insulin index of foods (meats and dairy) as well as how fatty diets cause diabetes in the first place, not carbs. (google intramyocellular lipids) and the fact that heart disease is what kills people, not diabetes. and this diet will put you in a very high risk bracket for heart disease +feeling fit oatmeal is the one of the few i couldn't get a good source of cooked weight calorie i just know how much to make to get calories i need. oatmeal has 10.7 kcalories/ounce cooked, couscous is 18kcals/ounce. you're 34kcalories/ounce is a bit high and a drastic generalization. @eric k\nya because you are avoiding the denser calorie carbs like rice, beans, potatoes, lentils, etc.. fruit, vegetables and starch are all around 80% carb or more but fruit and veggies only have around 7 calories per ounce where as starches are 35 calories per ounce. so you really have to eat a lot to give your body the calories it needs or its going to ask for more by making you hungry. so if you only ate fruits and veggies and nothing else someone like myself would have to eat 21lbs (2,400/7=343/16=21) this is what these numbers represent (calorie requirement / calorie per ounce = total ounces needed / # of ounces in a pound = pounds of food required). now if all calories came from starches which i don't advise either you only need 4lbs (2,400/35=69/16=4). @trever bull i eat lots of fruit. but it's not enough. @eric k\nits not! how hard is it to pick up an apple and eat it or any other fruit or veggie. yes stuff like legumes and rice have some prep time but in reality its not that hard to eat in its eating out that sucks. what is she talking about. ctfu one of the best ted talk videos i've seen in a while. she was brilliant. i cannot help but wonder if the ada receives any funding from drug companies. there's no way she can figure this stuff out and they can't. i realize i am only looking at her side, but everything she said seems legit. +leslie green i love how everyone that loves this talk and has a pic is overweight while everyone that hates it and say no eat whole fruits and veggies not refined oils are trim and healthy. can you guys really not see the pattern here. go check out any video on eating a whole foods plant based diet all the commenters are trim and healthy; and 80% of them have pic unlike the anonymous people here. +leslie green they receive a ton of money from the drug companies. the last think they want is a drug-free cure for t2 diabetes. and this is it. sugar will cure your obesity. not fat nor protein.'\ni did all 3\nyou can surely lose weight sucking on lard... but the problem is it will clog your arteries and will kill you faster. foods to eat and avoid to prevent cancer. source cdc https://stacks.cdc.gov/view/cdc/3527/cdc_3527_ds2.txt\nfoods thought to be associated with a decreased cancer risk include fruits, vegetables, and unprocessed, whole grains, and current recommendations for these foods are summarized in table 1. in addition, guidelines to reduce the development of obesity in\nchildren are indirectly related to cancer prevention, because obesity has been associated with cancer occurrence at several sites among adults. dietary guidelines to prevent obesity emphasize a reduction in the consumption of foods with low nutritional value and high energy density, such as refined sugars and sugar-sweetened beverages\nhave a diet which includes at least 400 g per day of total fruits and vegetables. consume 3 or more ounce-equivalents of whole-grain products per day; at\nleast half of grains consumed should come from whole grains.\nthe consumption of some food items may increase the risk of cancer\nbecause of the presence of carcinogenic substances in these items,\neither naturally occurring or resulting from storage or preparation.\nfoods thought to be associated with an increased cancer risk include red\nand processed meats, salt, alcohol, foods contaminated with mycotoxins\nsuch as aflatoxin, and arsenic-contaminated water [1-3,25,26]. current recommendations for food items associated with an increased cancer risk are summarized in table 2\nred and processed meat. people who eat red meat to consume less than 500 g (18 oz) a week, very little if any to be processed. when selecting and preparing meat, make choices that are lean, low-fat, or fat-free. those who are not vegetarian are advised to moderate consumption of preserved meat. very enlightening and informative! this woman has it all wrong. she's a paid shill. +lulolancy click on lulolancy's name. suprise surprise. vegan alert! makes no sense!!!!\nfrom a chinese i am not a vegan. i just don't eat a lot of meat or too much protein. do you see many fat asians? @jude dam thank you. i have no problem with someone being a healthy vegan. i don't know how they do it, but they do it.\nbut i'm sick of them telling us that we omnivores are all going to get sick and fat and diabetic and heart disease and every other illness and disease, and will die young.\njust sick of it. +eric k your replies in the comments over the past several months give me life. it's good to see someone is dedicated to squashing the misinformation these militant vegans are spreading. +edward hsu chinese vegan. vegan alert! what she is not saying is what actually causes insulin resistance to begin with. it's fat in the cells blocking the insulin from allowing the glucose to get into the cells. carbohydrates (glucose) are the body's main source of fuel and the brain exclusively runs on glucose... i like the bit at the end about whose agendas are involved. what is her funding and agenda? what she is recommending makes no sense if you really think about what the body needs as fuel. @crasch net people with epilepsy also respond well to a high fruit diet (eg. tasha lee on youtube). ketosis is not necessary for all epileptics. +ashley loader the brain can run on ketones too. or did you miss that in endocrinology class. why do you think they use the ketogentic diet on kids with epilepsy. @eric k a lot of people aren't vegan because they don't know what vegan means, as they grew up eating meat. a lot of people also don't know how to eat well on a vegan diet. but more people will go vegan when they learn what it is and how to do it. @eric k\nno vegan food still full of processed crap but a whole food diet yes interesting, but hard to believe. you didn't mention exercise. you mentioned conspiracy theories about 'making money off of people's sickness' as being a driving force behind current guidelines. that was unsupported. (yes food corps. want to sell their products and they lobby, but not so that they can 'make money making people sick', please!) people eat for all kinds of reasons, and a lot of those are psychological. there's so much that wasn't addressed. and we do need carbs for our essential vitamins and fiber. people in africa have little diabetes compared to us, have high grain diets, and they have extremely low incidence of colon cancer. if you only eat protein and fat you are going to shit bricks. interesting topic. . . bogus presentation. @***** the site you posted does not come up as a correct site. did you leave any part of it out? i would be glad to look at it. @eric k \"they grow grains in sd. they don't raise beef cattle.\" you are uninformed and opinionated, causing you to not check your statements. south dakota ranks 5th in the u.s. for beef production. yes they grow grain, wtf do you think livestock eat. (sd beef board site attached below.) this is not rocket science.\nhttp://www.sdbeef.org/beeffacts.aspx\ni wonder at what makes a man want to stay uninformed and incapable of rational discussion. present your factual info. i'd like to know what it is.\nand if you're going to disagree with anything i said, do it in a manly way, by presenting evidence, not made up shit. @***** will you enlighten me about what helped your blood sugar? you're not going to hate me because i did you the honor of reading that report, but then didn't agree with you on its relevance to the ted speaker's presentation. because the mcgovern report recommended low fat, not high fat. @*****\nthey grow grains in south dakota. they don't raise beef cattle. more carbs and less fat means more grain production and more money for sd famers. +sweetpea brown \" i am a dietitian technician...\" say no more. no need to read the above.\nand the mcgovern commission was totally discredited. mcgovern had an agenda. his state, south dakota, would greatly benefit from a low-fat, high-grain diet. he knew nothing about health. she didn't explain what kind of fat that she allow to use. is it the avocado, coconut, nuts and olive oils? or the kind of eskimo used to eat, fish, meat etc @afringedweller thank you! ^_^ +riza hariati there is a lot to know, and i suggest doing a google or 'duck duck go' search on this lady, sarah hallberg. but there are also others in this field, such as dr. stephen phinney, dr. jason fung, professor noakes, andreas eenfeldt, some of whom had diabetes themselves. you can find free newsletters, books on the lchf (low carbohydrate high fat diet - and remember the protein is neither low or high, but medium) to buy, youtube videos. if you search out lchf, you'll see lots on the net. i would stay away from people who are charging a lot of money, as they're too often trying to suck the diabetics dry - while there's so much info for little or low cost. they all call for unprocessed food, and as for fats, it's butter, cheese, (not too much) fat from meats, (don't trim it off, eat it). avocados and nuts are great, and omega 3 fats. there's so much to learn, and a lot of reputable doctors are getting into this field these last few years. it's worth the research, believe me. thank you so much sarah for presenting this! i have been diagnosed with diabetes 22 years ago and ended up taking insulin. i have started low carb high fat diet in november 2014 and now living a much happier life. i have heard so many people criticizing what i am doing. it's only the benefits i experience keep me going. i praise your courage to stand up against the huge money making machine out there! do you get worse before better following this diet? this video has been a total game changer for me. thank you so much for this information presented with grace and compassion sarah! doctors at the international council for truth in medicine are revealing the truth about #diabetes that has been suppressed for over 21 years.\n=>>https://plus.google.com/110500409741342356079/posts/saesju4btyn open up your mind and listen. don't believe what you think you know. diabetics suffering from nerve pain for years and then cured within days with a (hcf) plant-based diet. http://nutritionfacts.org/video/curing-painful-diabetic-neuropathy/ a doctor spilling absolute bullshit bro science. such a shame really to show that certain health professionals aren't educated in 'evidence based practice'. and margarine is good for you.. lol +ben adlington dude, i clicked on your video. you majored in nutrition and you think dietary cholesterol causes heart disease? when did you graduate, 1985? word to the wise. dietary cholesterol does not cause heart disease. it's 2016. time to get with the program. in 1 year only 721.696 people want to know the truth ? ... less then 1% of total population with acces to internet ... clearly the problem is actualy the awareness :) or the ignorance ... truth!!! my diet is 70% coconut oil and animal fat. 25% protein and 5% carbs. im melting fat like a fat kid melts birthday cake. @crasch net in other words \"saturated fat=good\"\n\"processed carbs=bad.\"\nthe ama and the usda have been lying to us for decades because they have an agenda. its called make money off of sick people.\nthank you for posting those studies. not a problem man. be as cynical as you like. i lost another 3.5 pounds this week. bringing me to a total so far of 71 pounds. my arteries are just fine. i get plenty of real vitamin c. not that ascorbic acid garbage they pawn off as vitamin c. my blood pressure is down, my blood glucose is 79. and i am never ever hungry. and you call me the fool? if being healthier than i was a year ago at this time, and feeling batter than i have since i was in my 20's makes me a fool? than i am as big a fool as they make. so be it. thanks for your support. now i understand why bill clinton switched his diet to paleo. there're good fats & bad fats & that's missing from this presentation. carbs also differ, fast & slow. i've oatmeal for breakfast & it's good for you. i'm so glad that i always stayed away from the low-fat and fat free stuff. i never bought the whole skim milk lie. i always bought whole milk, always will. @logicunfolded - false. high fat eating in the absence of carbs is associated with longevity. how in the world would you think we evolved eating grains and carbs when there were almost none for 99.9% of our existence?\nyour preferred diet is 100% unnatural. just because our bodies don't absorb fibre does not mean it isn't needed. it's highly important to feed our good gut bacteria and keep our micro biome healthy, as well as prevent constipation. we evolved eating lots of carbs and fibre. just because carbohydrates aren't labeled as 'essential' and we can get energy instead from fat and even protein, doesn't mean it's the bodies preferred method. fruit, veg, and wholegrain consumption is positively correlated with increased longevity. educate yourself. @iheardthissongfirst - the human body doesn't need carbs. zero. it needs fats and protiens, doesn't need carbs and we didn't evolve to eat carbs like we do today. fibrous carbs (dietary) are meaningless because we don't absorb them. i dont know what you mean by \"the human body doesnt need carbs in anyway\". sorry this just doesnt make any sense. both my parents have had t2d for almost 8 years. when i did research to figure out a way how i could help them get off their meds i came across a high carb plant based diet. guess what they have been cleared of t2d and are healthier than ever. also you suggested eating dairy, please do more research on what dairy actually promotes in your body... you will find the answer shocking @iheardthissongfirst - not true. simply false. the human body doesn't need carbs in any way. fat is essential to life and health.\nph balancing vegetables\nsalad greens: chicory, escarole, lettuces, mache, dandelion\ngreen cabbage\ncelery stalks\ngreen beans\nfennel\nbeet greens\nartichokes\nbroccoli\nbrussel sprouts\nasparagus\nspinach\nred cabbage\nyellow beans\npeppers\ngarlic\nzuchini\nsquash\ncucumber\nph balancing nuts\nalmonds (and almond milk i assume?)\nbrazil nuts\nph balancing dairy\nfresh butter\nsoft cheeses well drained\negg yolk\nph balancing miscellaneous items\nsea salt\nvirgin cold pressed: sunflower,\nolive, safflower, etc.\nherbal tea mint, verbena, linden, etc. \"a nutrient is essential if we have to have it to function ...\", yet we make fat from carbs. so... we don't need fat either..... ha.. ok.. that's good! @kat jongewardi've just been eating butter wrapped in bacon. it's amazing, i can run like a 1/2 marathon twice a week now. +cornellius01 eat fat so not hungry all the time, good fat. doesn't hurt you, is good for you! please don't listen to this delusional woman! carbs cause blood sugar spikes...yes, but the question is why is the insulin unable to do its job and the answer to that is fat!!! she is trying to place a bandaid on a gaping wound and announcing \"all better\". please research hclf (high carb low fat) diets and begin a journey to true health! +terrina storm every study i've read that tries to point to fat as a cause for insulin resistance were diets high in carbohydrates with high fat. none were in the ketogenic ranges of diets. and so far the studies have been with rats, not humans.\nthe latest studies are showing insulin resistance is caused by increase inflammation.\nin a new report in the journal of leukocyte biology, two japanese scientists report that \"obesity is associated with a state of chronic, low-grade inflammation.\" they explain that as fat cells get larger, they seem to attract immune cells called macrophages. these cells produce inflammatory chemicals called cytokines that help cause insulin resistance. chief among these chemicals are interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha.\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20360405\nit's been proven that ketogenic diets are far superior in reduce inflammation.\nhttp://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.3109/07853890.2014.894286 lol...i didnt say fat made you fat. if you have no issues with blood sugar or weight...knock yourself out, eat all the fat you want but if you have insulin resistance issues (like myself; pcos and pre-diabetes) then cutting out carbs was only the band-aid and did nothing to actually repair my metabolic disorder. eating a high carb, low fat diet was my saving grace. thank god there were people out there to help me stop the insanity of carb restriction...that fad will go down in flames soon enough. +terrina storm fanatic vegan alert! fanatic vegan alert!\neating fat doesn't make you fat and diabetic. excessive eating makes you fat and diabetic, and is typically caused by eating too much sugar and refined junk carbs, not eggs, chicken, fish and steak.\nand once you are diabetic or pre-diabetic you avoid grains and refined sugar because guess why? they spike blood sugar!\nfanatic vegan alert! fanatic vegan alert! go vegan, if possible! huai li i put a lot of trust in dr. barnard and now my diabetes is worse. going vegan gave me neuropathy. back to low carb i go. i'm just so embarrased that i boasted so much about being on the vegan diet before i knew what it would end up doing. lchf/keto can be vegan. i think the general rule of thumb on veggies is that you want above ground ones. root veggies generally seem to have a lot of starch? i am no expert by any means but i recall reading this a few times and have used this rule of thumb while shopping. @brian demarest\nyep. you can eat a ton of broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower, peppers, tomatoes, arugula, lettuce, cucumbers, basil, cilantro, spinach, kale, herbs and spices, etc before you eat a lot of carbs. and vegetables. people are getting the idea this is a no vegetable diet when it should be a lot of vegetables. this is confusing. i agree with you on doing away with carbs.however neal barnard also of tedx talks says not to eat any fats no hole milk no avocados, coconut milk but to eat rice, potatoes,hole wheat bread.you see my confusion? +teet f anyone who says not to eat avocados has no business giving nutrition advise. go vegan! :) best explanation of what i've been preaching for years. @louis landry - the usda should be imprisoned for killing millions when the science is in and has been for a long long time. carbs bad, good fat good. yup !! +louis landry - and people think you're crazy, right? did she just say we don't need carbs? last time i checked, our cells run on glucose. i just gave an explaination of this above........all the best to you. annette +autumn l. fats generate carbs needed. +autumn l. read up on ketosis:\nhttp://www.webmd.com/diabetes/type-1-diabetes-guide/what-is-ketosis +autumn l. green veggies have carbs. not that i am advocating it, but if you gave up all added sugars and all grains, your cells would be just fine. when i went to \"diabetes school\" i was told that the amount of carbs recommended was a limit because people eat so many on a daily basis. it wasn't recommended that we eat more. it was recommended that we eat less! i mean seriously, what does the typical american breakfast consist of? carbs in the form of bread, cereal, and straight up sugar. so, i appreciate what she's saying, but she's not actually being accurate on that fact.\nalso, i was told (by doctors) that the brain does need certain carbs, but we need to get them in the form of whole grains and not processed flour, sugar, or high fat.. +laura langhoff sounds like the information you got at 'diabetes school' was out of date. after i was diagnosed 1 1/2 yrs ago, i went to a 'diabetes school' too, and it didn't help at all. after i started listening to sarah hallberg, dr. stephen phinney, dr. jason fung, professor noakes, and others, my life started to change for the better. everybody is different. some people do well on 100 or more grams of carbs a day. others must restrict much more. i was told not to go off carbs because the body, particularly the brain needs carbs. this is just not true. but if what you're doing works well for you, that's great. but if you suspect you could feel better, or possibly cut down on or dispense with drugs, then i suggest getting into the alternative (to the mainstream diabetes associations) material being offered these last few years, because it's being better understood each year, and it's working for a lot of people. +laura langhoff the problem is you don't need carbs at all. there are essential amino acids and essential fatty acids but no essential carbohydrates. the ada recommends t2 diabetics eat a decent amount of carbs at every meal because the meds require it. they do this because they believe t2 diabetes is a permanent disease that can only be controlled but not cured. when followed, the ada guidelines make diabetes worse. what are the healthiest foods?\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-are-the-healthiest-foods/?utm_content=buffer11d31&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer sarah, just wanted to say thanks for giving this talk and for all the work you do. your explanation of insulin and carbs vs fat and how it all related to blood sugar really opened my eyes and has been the cornerstone of my new food logic. i now know why i was hungry all the time. i don't follow your methods to the t, but instead have changed my diet to my liking. i am no longer afraid of fat. my diet consists of protein, fat and lots of green leafy veggies. my fasting bg is down from 250 to 110 and my a1c has dropped from 7 to 5.8. did i mention i also quit taking my janumet?\nlast year i felt and looked like crap. i was a new diabetic and put on janumet by my doctor. i went into denial thinking meds would fix the problem, basically un-managed for a year. i was having having pain in my hands and elbows and my hand surgeon could not tell me why. wasn't presenting as carpel tunnel again (already has both hands operated on). late dec we had a cake at the house (i cut big pieces). i had one piece and thought \" hey i can have another piece, i'll just take another pill\". holy cow!! i immediately knew i had a huge problem and things had to change. jan 1 i decided i was going off my meds and that i would combat my diabetes with food alone. i ate my way in, i can eat my way out. my wife is in pharmacy school and was not happy about me going cold turkey on the janumet. i can't blame her as my history indicated that i could't manage what i ate.\ni have changed my diet and i'm eating better than i ever have before while saving money (no more fast food and junk). within 4 days of stopping all carbs and sugar my hands quit hurting. i didnt realize, but my wife noticed that i wasnt shaking them anymore (made them feel better). i was amazed and was convinced this change could work. my family has followed me down this path and everyone is feeling better. it has been 4 months. i'm down 30lbs and i know the remaining one hundred pounds i have to lose will be hard, but it doesn't seem impossible anymore. just had blood work for the first time and the doctor was astounded, especially when i told him about stopping the meds over 4 months ago. i am back to pre-diabetic levels and all my stats are great. can't wait to see what it looks like the next time i go in for blood work.\nlet me add that this change has not been a struggle for me. quite the contrary. it has been a constant learning process, or rather a relearning process about food and the way it affects my body. i religiously test 4 times a day and track my sugar on a phone app that can create reports and estimate a1c. my doctor loved the reports. i love the fact that i can stick something in my mouth and an hour later i can see how it affected my blood sugar. the learning process moves quickly due to the instant feedback. i call it the blood game.\ni just see it as a carb and sugar, allergy.\nthanks again im still on a carb diet and will continue to do so for its other benefits that people don't list. congrats on your reversal of diabetes! i have gone on a low carb diet, but i did it to lose weight. i'm in my late teens so i never had any diabetes to deal with, and i never knew it was such a huge problem among a lot of people in america. but again, congrats :) carbs are addictive but when i cut carbs drastically i lost weight and controlled my blood sugar levels; have 'fallen off the wagon' and now am going back to low/no carb as covered in dr. bernsteins diabetic diet, and this doctor who agrees with him. can i reverce my type 2 diabatic just by cutting carbs from my food? i did. but if your diabetes is advanced youll need to be under a doctors supervision while you get off the meds. it's amazing that with all the scientific and technological advancements, the nutrition and medical community are still conflicted about the causes of chronic diseases. thank you .... good advice i love how every time there's a bunch of people calling out hallberg on her bs there's a bunch of spam crap that gets posted to push the negative comments off the newest first comment page. i have seen this happen at least 4 different times. agree 100% a severe back injury led to inactivity led to weight gain led to type 2. when i ate less,better, sugar crashed, my test showed 30-40 and i could not stay awake. changed medicine, high again. changed, low. repeat for 5 years. now doc put me on avandia. i gained 10 pounds and my knee swelled so bad i could not walk. stopped it. then i read it had a horrible rep and warnings. when i see him for my physical it may get tense as i feel he is getting frustrated with me. thank you so much for the information. keep up the good work as it is much needed. i guess she is suggesting we ignore all of human history. and not eat carbohydrates as our main source of fuel. ha! idiota! +eric k oh no someone told you to eat your fruits and veggies they must be vegan lol if you like bad breath, dry mouth, and injesting hormones from gmo fed animals who have been treated horribly then go on with it. unless of course you can afford 200 a week per person. people all over the world eat tons of starches like rice, sweet potatoes, potatoes, fruits and vegetables and do not have diabetes at all. sarah said on 7:47: \"consider carbs. ... we don't need them. our minimum daily requirement for carbohydrates is zero\"\nshe should stop eating vegetables and eat only fat, meat and milk! and she should never eat beans, nuts and seeds, because it contain deadly carbs that her body doesn't need! +saturn1030 all dairy produces have sugar, milk comes out with fats, protein, and carbs. sorry stickler for detail. but still gave comment a thumbs up. fat cause insulin resistance by clogging up insulin receptors.\nremove fat from patient's blood then insulin will work as it should.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/\neat raw vegetables to absorb fat from your body. okay i am taking 2000 mg of metformin and 60 units of levimere and 10 units of novolog before meals and i cant get my sugar below 200 i am just about to give up this is the most nonsense ted talk i've ever heard period. her recommendations are not for a healthy lifestyle whatsoever, just to give a false and temporal sense of diabetes improvement. @trever bullso you are saying a carb is a carb? the carbs in lettuce are the same as carbs in white bread or pasta? come on. you're no dummy. you know better than that. @eric k\nbut why would you even eat leafy greens they have deadly carbs too? why are you even eating carbs right now you keep claiming they're bad for you and will cause you to become diabetic among many other problems?\nsee unlike i practice what i preach and i always eat a (hcf) diet as it is the best way to say healthy. sure i allow some junk some times but i really don't like much junk food as it is just too slimy from all the fat. example the fake vegan meats taste good by are just slimy as most of them are 30% cal from fat. hens why there's fat vegans but no fat whole food (hcf) people. @trever bulli don't count carbs because i am healthy. however, if my doctor told me i was likely to become diabetic, i would, with the exception of green veggies, ditch them completely until my health was restored. here's the beauty of internet... after watching neal barnard and caldwell esselsteyn that show that fat is bad, here she is stating that fat is good... sorry, but i am with neal barnard on this. +bogdan kucinschi yeah, because you are a vegan, and you will believe anything these jokers tell you. vegan alert! two months ago, i stepped off the scale at 305 lbs. disgusted, i sought some answers. i came across the ketogenic diet. basically, it involves exactly as the doctor recommends. the goal is that dietary calories should be about 70% fat, 20% protein, and less than 10% carbs. while in weight loss mode, i intentionally eat no carbs. the last time i weighed myself was 10 days ago. i am down to 270. my clothing is fitting looser. i have more energy. my joints do not ache as much. my apnea had mostly subsided. i no longer gorge myself when i eat, portions are smaller, and i eat only when hungry and stop eating when feeling full and satisfied. fruit contains sugar, but only fructose. all carbohydrates are plain glucose. so cutting all glucose, and stay with the fruit only. fruit is a whole food, that can't be bad in normal use,?? fructose does not produce insulin response moron!!! if you want to be healthy, eat a plant based, whole food diet. forget dairy. keep meat consumption to an absolute minimum, if you have any at all. and for the love of god, don't eat any processed food! there are so many people who have reversed blood sugar issues and cardiovascular disease by eating a plant based diet. why someone would choose to live on pills and feel like shit rather than change their diet to one which allows them to absolutely thrive is beyond me. +lily manson you cannot have an intelligent discussion with fools who make claims that fly in the face of all experience and research. anyone who claims that diabetes and heart disease can be \"reversed\" with a vegetarian diet is both a fool and a liar. they are making claims that are untrue. i've never seen a healthy vegan in my life and i have lived among many of them. you can control diabetic symptoms and responses with diet and exercise, but you cannot cure or reverse it. you would have as much chance of growing back a missing limb by diet alone. do you actually know what diabetes is? what causes it? take the time to do some research and stop lying and trying to mislead people. +vagabondvoyager i am sorry something in your life has hurt you enough that you will call someone a liar or an idiot instead of opening yourself to intelligent discussion. finally...just...finally. thank you. changing food guidelines is going to take awhile...food and drug..politicians and doctors need time to backpedal and cover their tracks and reduce the lawsuit potential due to killing hundreds of thousands of americans. our ancestors in cold climates ate low carb all winter and probably pretty low healthy carb all summer when veggies were available, dont wait for the new food pyramid..just eat like your ancestors. who is up for a huge tort lawsuit ? +vagabondvoyager exactly. winter they find zip for carbs..summer they find more carbs, it aint rocket science. +barkeaterful in prehistoric times there was no trend toward carb/protein/fats as our ancestors were opportunistic feeders who ate whatever they could find. fats in particular were much sought after. protein was more valued than carb for meals. this lady has got to be a shill. please somebody pull her medical license. +carolyn pokora vegan alert! vegan alert! they are freaking out that this video is approaching 700,000 views. +carolyn pokora you can't take her medical licence as she doesn't have one. she's a \"pretend\" doctor. i'm so shocked at almost everything she's saying. i love ted talks but i wonder who sponsored her research because some of the stuff she said just drives the dairy farmers, cattle and live stock herders. hmmmm. the guidelines for food and eating solely help agriculture. it's a sad state of affairs. sucks when these so called experts don't differentiate between processed carbs and carbs from whole foods. that is just what i was thinking also. i find these sorts of talks very, very misleading (though perhaps well intended)...they are very narrowly focused on only one or two factors of overall nutrition and/or on one or two health problems... focusing mostly on proteins and fats might get your weight down but that doesn't necessary get your diabetes down... and it doesn't improve your overall health... by minimizing grains and potatoes you are missing out on fantastic sources of essential micronutrients (which she talks little about focusing instead on the macronutrients) as well as essential fiber (a lack of which is a leading cause of such problems as colon cancer)... i've seen many of these sorts of talks before and they will isolate dietary and biological facts...but human biology is, of course, very complex and many factors go into health problems, not just one or two. on top of that she gives what amounts to nothing more than anecdotal evidence...what's missing from this talk is the results of research studies which will put what she says to the true test... common sense is always brilliant and almost always given short shrift. thank you dr. hallberg for bringing it back into our consciousness. also, thanks for planting the seed on the evil capitalist engine at work against making changes to the profits associated with food and that food driving health costs. great job. check out cereal killers for the fitness buffs. plenty of evidence that this diet promotes less cardiovascular inflammation, potentially saving loads of heart disease :-). this is the future of medicine. skinny fat dr with no muscle tone advises people to eat mostly fat not high protein and never mentions exercise especially resistance exercise even for 15 minutes / day. when you go very low carbs genius especially without high protein and resistance exercise you will start wasting your muscle same way you are losing the fat. so although you will solve the high glucose problem you will end up with slower metabolism as you go , will be feeling like shit and as you age a whole lot of other problems will develop. gluconeogenesis that she mentions a lot btw is mostly from protein and not fat which from it only glycerol is used not the fatty acids which undergo ketosis her presentation is a professionally scripted, memorized speech. other that that.... amazingly well said, thanks the last acceptable stigma is aging, which unlike obesity, is inevitable.\ngreat talk, though. lipophobia has created a devastating health crisis. now this is a real doctor! type ii diabetes is always secondary to chronic hyperlipidemia. always. i'm sure all of the trim, healthy, long lived asians will attest to the health benefits of eating a clean diet. no one is talking about the simple fact we all learned in our organic chemistry class that lipids bind to insulin receptor sites on the cell, making hyperinsulemia an inevitable outcome in the body's attempt to push the insulin into the cell with only limited amounts or receptor sites available. this is disgraceful. i've seen it so many times,spending years working for obesity clinics and barbaric surgery clinics . their goal is always to keep the patient just on the verge of chronic illness with their low cab, high fat diets. it is a testament to the abysmal state of health care in this country that actual md's will recommend high fat, high cholesterol, low carbohydrate, low fiber diets that keep patients in a constant state of ketoacidosis and virtually destroy the rest of their organ systems. there is a saying there are two types of people in the world: those who live predominantly on carbohydrates and those who live predominantly on fats. protein is out of the question, because getting the majority of your calories from protein will put you into renal failure faster than than you can blink, which is interestingly enough one of the major things type i and type ii diabetics are at highest risk for. the ones who live on diets rich in fats tend to be very unhealthy and those who live predominantly on whole carbohydrates with very little fats such as asians and traditional south american and african cultures tend to have almost no evidence of our chronic illnesses including type ii diabetes . everyone can look this information up for themselves. start with some organic chemistry basics. @***** http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/type-2-diabetes/diagnosis-treatment/treatment/txc-20169988 this is a link from the mayo clininc. i really like this website because it explains things in such a way that anyone can understand, not just mds or medical professionals . she makes the claim that the root cause of diabeties is carbohydrates (not differentiating on which carb type)that would mean that all asiens who's main food is a rice based diet 30 years ago (today their diets have become westernized with too much animal based products causing similar diseases as in the western world)should have had more diabetes than they have today.her theory des not reflect reality and therefore her arguments lacks a factor explaining this phenomenon.\nthis is in conflict with the theory (explained and proven in many studies) that diabetes is caused by animal foods.dr hallberg does not explain how this disease starts.\nher recommendation of low carb diet promotes a lot of other chronically diseases and obesity.\nshe compares her diet with the ada diet and not with a low fat whole foods vegan diet. +karim nozari i think her claim is to avoid most carbohydrates if you already have type 2 diabetes or are pre-type 2. she does not really address people like me who are 100 miles from being diabetic. there was no explanation as to why! we can't get the glucose into the cells. every time i see a lchf guru speak they never offer up a reason why insulin stop triggering the the cells to open up for glucose. a simple suggestion would be the cells are all ready full of glucose, but no one ever says this.the is another video by neal barnard on this topic and he suggests that the cells are full of fat and this is why insulin fails to the cells open for glucose. +robert thyer triglycerides are how carbs are converted into fats. i'm taking a pp4 inhibitor and the change has been nothing but miraculous for me. dr hallberg says she was involved in a recent study comparison low carb to ada it doesn't seem to be published yet, i searched medline & pubmed by author, nothing. please dont get misled, dear patients --- run free and eat your healthy wholegrain pasta because there is an essential flaw in this presentation -------- she says \"diabetes is a state of carbohydrate toxicity\" - - - i disagree !! it should rather be stated as \"processed carbohydrate toxicity\" ---- including that graph is that it missed out on healthy whole grains millets etc which do not cause the insulin spike but rather brings down yur blood sugar levels over time !\nfor example look at these two different websites ---- look at the graph on https://flgit.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/glycemic20index.jpg?w=700 or http://www.diabetesforecast.org/2014/feb/images/v67n02_p61_graph.jpg learn how to not just lower blood sugar but prevent the leading causes of death in the u.s. food as medicine preventing and treating the most dreaded diseases with diet\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/food-as-medicine/\nsee research on just about any topic http://nutritionfacts.org/topics/ @eric k no more than 50grams of carbs that doesn't leave you much variety of plants lol all plans are high carb she is telling people to avoid plants what a joke. +trever bull yes, if you never want to eat meat, poultry, seafood, eggs, and dairy for the rest of your life, click on that site. for the 99% who enjoy eating a variety of food, listen to dr. hallberg. there is an interesting theory that states that a-cellular carbs might distort the leptin levels in our bodies. it essentialy means that our hunger-feedback system gets messed up, and our brains are continuously in 'starvation mode', even after eating plenty of calories. this could explain why overeating is so common. +snikkelbek all refined products that's including free oils right? eating carbs would probably not be the real problem, as long as the carbs are still within the cell (whole foods). the hunger-feedback system would still work properly, one would not overeat, and the chance of developing diabetes type 2 would be very small. so the question remains: are carbs the real problem, or is it the processing of the carbs by making them a-cellular (flour based products). i bet it's the latter. there are indigenous cultures that eat plenty of natural carbs, and diabetes in these groups is non existent. best advice is to avoid processed foods, including flour based products. eating carbs would probably not be the real problem, as long as the carbs are still within the cell (whole foods). the hunger-feedback system would still work properly, one would not overeat, and the chance of developing diabetes type 2 would be very small. so the question remains: are carbs the real problem, or is it the processing of the carbs by making them a-cellular (flour based products). i bet it's the latter. there are indigenous cultures that eat plenty of natural carbs, and diabetes in these groups is non existent. best advice is to avoid processed foods, including flour based products. i have done exactly what the doctor recommended in this video and within 3 months my a1c was back in normal range with no medication (from 6.8 to 5.5). it seems ridiculous to eat what is causing the disease. additonally, i lost 15 pounds and i am not hungry all the time. it works! our bodies were designed to digest mostly carbohydrates over a period of thousands of years. meat, protein and fat are not the answer... the over consumption of meat causes many more problems. thank you doctor for sharing this info. i am a true believer....so hard to hear people say they have type ii because it is hereditary. best videoin a long time. so much good information. so sad. i hope people will start teaching basic nutrition and how people can figure out what works for them and their body. everyone is different so i would never generalise one specific way of doing it. i am type 1(insulin pump) and i manage mine with plenty of carbs and exercise. her voice is way too squeeky for me... @paul bhaha yeah they do +chartoise sounds like she's been on the helium! although i do find when listen to american women they do have this \"piercing\" sounding voice. she speaks about \"fats\" but then does not cover any. ted teaching is supposed to be outstanding, she brings up a potential idea but does not back it up with actuatl information which would be a list of what type of fats she is talking about. +dead to self the good fats, coconut oil. olive oil, animal fats. no processes oil thank you! wow! wonderful video. i stated ketogenic diet 2 weeks ago. i lost 8lbs on juicing before going on this as i wanted to loose water weight. so started and i am now 20lbs fat down and 3.5lbs of muscle on and lost 4.0% of my body weight. lost 1/2 inch on my neck and 1\" off all muscle area's. i eat high fat diet, 20g of carbs or less, so now my family are on it also, all lost 12lbs in the first 9 days. everyone can do it, focus, and get educated on what you can and can't eat. want to kick off this irritant out of your life ?? check this out http://vur.me/thefrr/diabetesdestroyer . now i m no longer a diabetic. thank you for such good information me more fat does not make you fat ,sounds weird but it is true +stanlycam isn't weird, people are just stupid. she just released the holy grail, secret. how wasn't she assassinated, or silenced? adding to this, unless you want to get down to athletic bodyfat levels without losing alot of muscle: you have to lift weights and hiit. \"yeah maybe cutting carbs will lower blood sugar, you'll get heart disease and stroke from all the fat.\" *facepalm* +emily x clicked on emily x's name. surprise, surprise.\nfanatic vegan alert! fanatic vegan alert! i had diabetes ii for over 23 years. i was shooting insulin 3 times a day sometimes more and taking metformin. i also had high blood pressure. after 3 weeks on a cleanse program, i was completely off my insulin, metformin, and blood pressure medicine. my fasting blood sugar went from 300 to under 100 and during the day my blood sugar would be 110 to 120 tops without any medicine. this was all without my insulin or medicine, i couldn't believe how much my body had changed in just a few weeks on this cleanse. my blood pressure went down real fast, after the 1st week i was told by my doctor to get off my blood pressure medicine. now without blood pressure medicine, i have perfect blood pressure sometimes as low as 110/70. i am 57 years old and lost 20 lbs on this cleanse to boot. best thing i ever did. i'd check out www.therawoasis.com. its online and you would be very surprised to see how the cleanse works. you will realize that alot of what they say about diabetes and diet is not exactly the truth. hope this helps someone...thanks... your way to reverse diabetes today reveals not just to relieve, but not cure diabetes forever without insulin, glucose-lowering drugs, or invasive treatments extreme (https://plus.google.com/u/0/108261552539531200052/posts) keep in mind, that it was the government that pushed carbs on us for 4 decades. even in ancient civilizations, it was the poor people governments pushed grain on while the rulers and elite ate meat and vegetables. this latest effort to push carbs has really polluted people's minds. we have comments like kenmore's below, where he says that fat is the cause of so many more problems than carbs. this is also a lie that was pushed on us by the government. we can say it's a lie because german or austrian scientist figured this out, scientifically, in the early part of the 20th century. if you go to an anarchist event or an event with lots of us there, you will find that there are lots of people eating low carb. one thing that being an anarchist requires, is thinking outside of government propaganda and looking for truth. we can't always find truth but we are much more likely to do so if we can let go of things we were taught by the system, when we were children.\nyou don't need public school to be educated. (homeschoolers do better than public schoolers, see bumper stickers saying, my unschooled child will hire your honor student)\nyou don't need police to be safe (they actually steal more than all thieves combined now)\nyou don't need the fda to be safe, the market can do that better and faster\nyou don't need the epa to have a clean environment (they have actually been horribly pouting it lately)\nyou certainly don't need the department of agriculture telling you what to eat. in the last 6 months i've lost 20 pounds, reversed my pre-diabetes, fatty liver, normalized my liver enzyme levels, dramatically reduced my bad cholesterol, and increased my good cholesterol. how? common sense diet: i eat only when i'm hungry and not a lot; every day i eat nuts, seeds raw veggies and plain yogurt. i use olive oil only, i never, ever eat out or buy processed foods. i have completely replaced red meat and pork with fish. i walk an hour a day. this is all. +trace absence\nhi trace! i just wanted to suggest that you do some research regarding eating fish. the california fishery just closed because the salmon are gone. there are very few fish alive in the pacific ocean due to the 3/11/11 nuclear disaster at fukushima japan. each day for the last five years tons of radioactive waste pour daily (still) into the pacific. this is why there have been so many mass fish beachings. the pacific is highly radioactive.\nthe authorities have determined that crab is now too contaminated to eat too. check out ene news for a good source of information. this is not being covered by mainstream news unfortunately. bless you and yours :) thank you low-carb and keto communities for reversing my diabetes, normalising my blood pressure (from 192/137) and improving all my cardio-vascular markers. i should sue my doctors for their ridiculous recommendations.\ni was at the stage of leaking proteins through my kidneys, advancing neuropathies and depression. i now live a ketogenic lifestyle, fast regularly and never feel hungry.\ni have no desire to go back to eating carbs - because i want to live! what causes insulin resistance?\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/lipotoxicity-how-saturated-fat-raises-blood-sugar/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/the-spillover-effect-links-obesity-to-diabetes/ +huai li i use to eat lots of animals and fat and i was fat and sick now i eat a whole plants diet and now i'm 80 lbs lighter and much healthier.\nso are you ever going to say what causes insulin resistance or are you admitting you're ignorant and don't know. woo hoo, i love her, no more eating fruit and veg!!! i'm strictly steak cheese eggs and chocolate from now on!!! are you being sarcastic? the best way to cure diabetes is thru plant based diet @thordur hognason\nthank you for admitting that you only believe dr. greger because he says what you already believe. thank you for admitting that you are merely a parrot, repeating what dr. greger has taught you. someday, when you grow up, you will learn how to think for yourself. the fact that you believe a study where people were injected with soybean oil is useful or relevant speaks volumes. the fact that you have gone out of your way to ignore any facts or evidence you might object to speaks volumes as well.\njust be a good little vegan and never try to think or understand. just say \"dr. greger is the way, the truth, and the light.\" no need to question anything or know anything. rely 100% on others to tell you what to think and what to believe.\nbut i thank you. you expose vegans for what they truly are: religious zealots. there is no scientific inquiry in you, no knowledge, and no wisdom. it's about meat being murder, not health, truth, or science. thank you for showing us that vegans are all about faith, not facts. +huai li your rant reminds me of trump's speeches dr.greger has the facts, evidence, and theories :) @thordur hognason\nso you don't have any actual facts, evidence, or theories that you've actually researched and learned for yourself. you must rely on dr. greger to spoonfeed you facts and evidence, which you then never question.\ni am a scientist, so i do actual research with questions and skepticism. you know that's the difference between religion and science, right? religion is based on faith. you have faith in greger, barnard, esselstyn, ornish, etc. you don't actually know anything about science, but your faith is strong.\nhere's what i learned from dr. greger: he's a bad scientist. he said fat causes insulin resistance based on a study where soybean oil was directly injected into the veins of patients. now, you don't know anything about science, but you should see some problems there. but i'll help you out anyway: soybean oil is linked to cancer, is pro-inflammatory, and is linked to a host of health problems. therefore, conflating soybean oil with all fats/oils is not scientific. furthermore, injecting substances into one's veins has a drastically different effect from eating something. dr. greger knows you won't ever read anything he cites, so you will never see these glaring, unscientific mistakes.\nbeing vegan is about religion. you watch videos and listen to people who believe what you believe, therefore, it must be right. that's faith. that's religion. science questions everything, especially if it says what you already believe. the fact that vegan dr. barnard put t2 diabetics on a vegan diet and it didn't help them on whit is a giant red flag. you ignored it. why? because it contradicts your faith, therefore it's wrong.\njust admit it's all about your religion (meat is murder) and we'll all get along fine. when you try to use bad science to justify your faith is when you go wrong. being vegan is not about health or science, it's about faith and religion. just admit it and move on. +huai li according to mr greger just watch some videos regarding this matter on you tube i can't fucking stand the way she pronounces \"fat\"; like faehjtt. this woman is full of crap!!! people put all that sugar in their bodies ... what the hell do you think will happen??? obesity is \" not \" a disease!! and red blood cells can live up to 145 days. so stop using the a1c to diagnose so you fucking doctors can keep your$ 300,000 incomes. it's all about greed. that's the american way. wake up!!! diabetes scares people because it touches the kidney, the eyes, the bp etc. . i hate to have to keep in mind what is type 1 and what is type 2 !!! is there not a better way to describe diabetes so that remembering is easier ? @trever bullthank you, trever.\nyou explain very clearly and simple.\nnon medical people or people who hate those medical things like me become resistant somehow to the explanations.\nthank you again for your simple explanation and the videos.\ncheers and good day to you ! @judex young\n1. if your fasting glucose (8 hours without eating) is higher than 100 (mg/dl) or 5.6 (mmol/l) then your pre-diabetic or diabetic.\n2. both type 1 and 2 will show high blood glucose levels but type 1 is high because they don't produce insulin whereas type 2 produce insulin but it is unable to drive the fat and glucose into your cells.\n3. not sure if understand what your asking but if your glucose falls below 60 (mg/dl) or 3.3 (mmol/l) you need to be very worried and go to the doctor.\nif you think you may have diabetes have your doctor do a hemoglobin a1c test if its 6% or higher your at risk of type 2.\na few 5 min videos for you to checkout.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/lipotoxicity-how-saturated-fat-raises-blood-sugar/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/the-spillover-effect-links-obesity-to-diabetes/ @trever bullthank you, trever.\na few questions, please :\n1. what no. on the diabetes tester is considered ok, that is , no diabetes ? is there a +/- margin ? testing early in the morning.\n2. if the no is higher than (1) mentioned above, it is considered too much sugar in the blood. is this correct ? what is this type ?\n3. when the no. is less than (1) mentioned above, it is less than normal sugar in the blood., is this correct. what is this type.\nearly in the morning, the test shows 3.4 to 5. most of the time, i am nearer to 3.4. i always have to take some sugar to feel better.\ni think that i hate so much those medical things !\ngood day to you ! +judex young but someone that has type 2 can do so much damage to there beta cells that they become insulin dependent aka type 1. +judex young type 1 is your beta cells in your pancreas are dead. type 2 is insulin resistance, your cells are overloaded with intramyocellular fat lipids preventing your insulin from driving glucose into your muscles. you cannot \"reverse\" type 2 diabetes - anyone who claims that you can is either a fool or a charlatan. all you can do is get better control of your bg levels. the suggestions here are nowhere close to being ideal. much of it is nonsense. +perfect dark no you can't. you clearly do not understand what type 2 diabetes is. you can no more \"cure\" it than cure a missing leg, a missing eye, or a missing tooth. all you can do is compensate. any doctor who claims that it can be cured, not just managed falls into the charlatan category. people who believe them fall into the gullible fool category. managing diabetes with diet and exorcise is effective - i do it - but it is not a cure. +vagabondvoyager yes you can. nutritionfacts.org. google dr. greger or mcdougall. she talks about cho as the root cause of diabetes, but she doesn't really talk about how it actually \"causes\" insulin resistance. does a healthy teenager eating a healthy amount of healthy carbs still cause insulin resistance, in her view? or is there something else that causes insulin resistance, and then is exacerbated by the typical american high carb diet? that's what i'd like to ask her. i hate how she speaks. i agree 100% of the content of her presentation. but i hate how shes talking. she sounds like a dumb infomercial. very good stuff - but bloody hell she squeeks!!!!! yasss!!! wonderful information ! interesting how others are recommending a high carb plant based diet, and with supporting studies. nutritionfacts.org i didn't say i was vegan, and where is this article or video talking about soybean injections?\nand what do you feel is the best diet? also, where can i read about what you've on barnard's study? @aaron l\noh, you said the magic words! i really need to set up vegan bingo with dr. barnard and diabetes being the most common. i love dr. barnard's study: he put t2 diabetics on a vegan, <10% fat diet for 74 weeks. at the end, it did almost nothing for them. hba1c went from 8.05 to 7.75. that's awful.\nthe fact that vegans always talk about dr. barnard as if he ever did anything to prove what he claims is so funny! obviously, dr. barnard proved 100% that a vegan diet does almost nothing for t2 diabetics, but only if you believe his peer-reviewed, published studies. if you want to believe what he pulls out of thin air, without any evidence, then a vegan diet is super-amazing. too bad reality tells us otherwise.\nah, your 2nd paragraph is so common of vegans. you link to dr. greger's vids, but you never actually bothered to listen to any of them or check his citations. he's a magic man who just says things and reality changes to fit what he believes. no need to actually educate yourself, question things, or have facts and evidence.\nthe saddest part: when you see that what i wrote about dr. greger and dr. barnard are 100% true, your beliefs will be unchanged. you don't care that dr. barnard proved that a vegan diet does nothing for t2 diabetics. you don't care that dr. greger claims injecting soybean oil into one's veins causes insulin resistance as his evidence of hating fat. it's called cognitive dissonance. your beliefs over-power your perception of reality. when reality contradicts what you believe, then ignore reality.\nit's not your fault though. it's a sickness from religious zealotry. your leaders like greger, barnard, ornish, and esselstyn all teach you to be good little parrots, never think for yourself. funny how lchf people go out of their way to educate their audience on how to think and understand science. vegan leaders teach you not to think because they know once you start thinking, questioning, and understanding, you'll see them for the charlatans that they are.\nso be a good vegan, keep believing what you believe, despite all the evidence to the contrary. follow your leaders blindly, don't question anything. double down on your beliefs rather than educate yourself or start some real scientific inquiry. then you'll be a good vegan for life.\njust don't try to tell me your beliefs are based on science, facts, or truth. your beliefs are based on faith. meat is murder. once you and greger start pretending you have any science on your side, then you're just lying. well, greger is lying, you're just repeating his lies because you refuse to educate yourself. @huai lihuai,\nare you assuming i'm vegan? and i'm not sure we can call citing research studies indoctrination. dr. neal bernard m.d. would be another to check out on the topic of a plant-based diet and diabetes.\ni don't believe gregor would make that correlation. could you send me the video or article? +aaron l interesting how vegans can't be content to live and let live. they always have to troll others, all while having nothing to support their beliefs. sure, link a website that is full of stuff. that's not evidence, that's indoctrination. evidence and education are when you know the answers, can articulate them, and link evidence if needed. vegans aren't educated, they are indoctrinated. the reason is because \"meat is murder\", not because a vegan life-style is healthy. as long as vegans admit theirs' is a faith-based system, we can all get along fine.\nyeah, i've read some of dr. greger's nonsense. none of it shows any causal evidence of fat increasing insulin resistance. one study he cites: people injected soybean oil directly into their veins. soybean oil is linked to cancer and is pro-inflammatory. so claiming soybean oil=all oils/fats. next, eating something is completely different from directly injecting something into your veins. the fact that dr. greger doesn't know the difference is sad. the fact is that he probably does, he just assumes no vegans will ever attempt to read his actual evidence because vegans aren't curious, they are indoctrinated. what he preaches agrees with their pre-conceived ideas, so they must be true. no need to ever investigate or question anything. not all are vegans. i just noticed by my dr that i got the diabetes, and i feel super upset... if the cause of diabetes high sugar is too much insulin why does addition of insulin lowers blood sugar? bs +ondoy sarado the cause of diabetes is not high sugar. you get high blood sugar readings from eating too many carbs and sugars. insulin brings down your blood sugar. please do some reading on what diabetes is. low carb diets are great for overweight people, since the body can get energy from fat cells in the body.however, for people who aren't overweight, carbs at a moderate level are necessary for brain function, just look it up.\ni'm not saying you should binge on cupcakes and chocolate, but whole grains, brown rice, quinoa, all are great carbs that won't make you fat. ummm exercise? numerous studies that help with glycemic regulation. low carb is not for everyone +ap training and nutrition\nyeah, tedx talks are weird that way. they seem to just focus on one topic, rather than everything. what about fat clogging up the insulin receptors in our cells?? some professionals say that fat is the problem. +iw nunn eric k is going to be leaving you a vegan alert comment thanks dr. sarah hallberg for the nice program thanks tedx talks for share a huge useful video with us. i hope this video helpful for types 2 diabetes patient. https://plus.google.com/115244574783916957530/posts/t2f6uuvvdvn *thanks for nice video! will you be suffering from diabetes? 2016 new knowledge for diabetes*\n*treatment... no drugs, not any pills, no insulin injections! i hope you comes into play handy.* >>>https://plus.google.com/+davidalex9338/posts/kbrwwyqydkf<<< how to treat kidney stones with diet. decreasing animal protein and sodium intake appears more effective in treating calcium oxalate and uric acid kidney stones (nephrolithiasis) than restricting calcium or oxalates.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/how-to-treat-kidney-stones-with-diet/\nhigh urine ph is an indicator of many health risks test your urine ph with this fun and simple way. testing your diet with pee & purple cabbage.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/testing-your-diet-with-pee-purple-cabbage/\nplant-based diets tend to be alkaline-forming. this may help protect muscle mass and reduce the risk of gout and kidney stones. the ph of one's urine can be estimated with natural pigments using kitchen chemistry. the fda's suggestion that the meat industry voluntarily stop feeding\nantibiotics by the ton to farm animals to fatten them faster falls short\nof the changes needed to forestall the epidemic of antibiotic resistance.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/antibiotics-agribusinesses-pound-of-flesh/?utm_content=bufferf5dea&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer dietary guidelines often patronizingly recommend what is considered\nacceptable or achievable rather than what the best available balance of\nevidence suggests is best.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/the-palatability-of-cancer-prevention/ i wonder if insulin resistant people that have high amounts of insulin in their body to compensate for poor glucose absorption, feel better when they eat more carbs to counteract the high insulin ? @joeri pelgrims\nagreed,... i was just wondering if they feel better by eating more carbs to give the insulin something to do, albeit temporarily. +david lomm\ni don't know about how they'll feel, but i figure that their insulin levels are high in the first place as a response to ingesting carbohydrates. so introducing yet more carbohydrates should result in yet more insulin production. the amount of insulin is higher than normal because of their insulin resistance, but it is still a response to carb intake. she's a quack i wish they had this in other languages, could show this to my grandmother, who speaks spanish. holy crap this ignorant woman is medically trained and she's telling obese people to eat more fat? she's killing people. plant based diets reserve diabetes, fat causes diabetes. +lohe321 i'm sensing a fanatic vegan. ikr. guys plant based diets reverse so many deceases. it's rly sad how no one knows abt it. guys i need to clear something up this is why people go vegan...\n(open)\ni am vegan because i have compassion for animals, support nonviolence, for the people, for the planet, and for the animals. different people go vegan for different reasons. there are hundreds of reasons to avoid animal products. the simplest and most universal reason is that it is the right thing to do. i understand some people get offended by vegans, deep down your scared about having to take the responsibility for your actions. yes i am very defensive on this subject. but this is only because i am speaking the truth. i don't want to have animal abuse as part of my lifestyle in a society where this abuse behind closed doors is considered normal.\ni was in your position too before learning that compassion was a better option. i ate meat and diary my whole life. i used to make fun of vegans and vegetarians. started watching videos and evidence was right in front of my eyes. i was watching things i didn't really want to be seeing, but it was the truth.\nmy chickens would be at my feet and i would start to just break down in my awareness that i was eating, their cousin or their mother. that was right when i considered going vegan.\nthere is an immense pressure to find the rights words that will help you understand.\nwe all say we love animals, and we all are against animal cruelty, but we pay people to mutilate, torture and slaughter animals...it's not because we need to for our health. it's just because we like the way they taste.\ni'm vegan for the female cows who are artificially inseminated, then have their babies taken away to their death. i'm vegan for the chickens who are debeaked and forced into small cages. i'm vegan for the cows who are beaten because they are to sick to walk themselves to their own slaughter. i'm vegan for the pigs who are slammed to pieces on the ground. i'm vegan for male chick's who are tossed into a grinder alive. i'm vegan for the foxes who are skinned alive for fur. i'm vegan for the orcas who are stolen from their families and forced into \"entertaining\" and abuse. i'm vegan for the bunnies who are tested on for make up. i'm vegan for the elephants in chains at the circus who are beaten to perform. most importantly i'm vegan because i reject slavery, cruelty and murder.\nwe have the power to save....\n1,100 gallons of water,\n45 lb of grain,\n30 square feet of forest land\n20 lb of co2\nand millions of animals lives,\nevery single day\na plant based diet can help reverse 14 of our leading causes of death. including our top 3 killers. if there was a way to be healthy while saving animals and helping protect the planet, why wouldn't you do it?\nwe don't need to eat animals. we benefit in every conceivable way from not eating them. haha does this lady not know that our cells run off of glucose ?? mitochondria prefer ketones created from fat for energy over glucose. there are also fewer steps for the ketones to be turned into atp energy along with the fact that they pass through the cell membrane without having to get messaged through like glucose does with insulin. +beautybybrooke\nhaha, i guess not. although, she does eat 30-50g of carbohydrates per day, and there is that whole thing with the -hydroxybutyrate, so who knows? :-)\ngo vegan! +beautybybrooke ikr sarah, the world is a better place because people like you exist. blessings and thank you so much i've spend a long time researching into diabetes after which we found a fantastic resource at diabetes crusher tactic (google it if you're interested) i've just watch vids by dr john mcdougall & neal barnard and they have reversed diabetes with a high carb whole food plant based diet. no wonder people are so freeking confused about what to eat :( @multismaland\nnow you're being honest. it's not about health, it's about feeling good and emotions. as long as vegans are honest, we'll all get along just fine. it's people like dr. barnard who mislead the public, pretending a vegan diet is healthy when all the evidence is to the contrary that we have problems.\nyou can like the idea that a vegan is healthy all you want. it's not true, at least there is no evidence that it's healthy or useful. every study of vegans shows they are woefully deficient when it comes to many key nutrients. when vegan diets are compared to good diets, the vegan diet shows no advantage and often results in poor health eventually.\nand if we're being honest, millions of animals are killed planting, growing, and transporting vegan chow every year. the difference between me and a vegan is that i eat what is killed, while vegans let it rot and pretend it doesn't count. as long as vegans feel good, reality doesn't matter.\nif you know someone who suffers from t2 diabetes, tell them to look into low-carb diets. every clinical study shows it's superior to low-fat and vegan diets 100% of the time. there are literally dozens of studies and each one is consistent in the results. if they choose to be vegan, knowing that it's about religious beliefs and that their health will suffer from it, then at least they made an informed decision. +huai li well you seem to know what you're talking about so it must be true. anyway even if it was facts over ideology, i like the idea of not torturing and killing millions of animals so that there plant based diet seems like a good idea to me. @multismaland\nnope, not at all. dr. barnard claims to have reversed diabetes, but his published data shows that he failed miserably. low-carb people say that low-carb diets help diabetics, and the published data agrees completely. no contradiction at all if you rely on published, peer-reviewed data. facts win over ideology every single time. +huai li calm down i'm not trying to take your meat away. so aggressive. just saying that there's a lot of conflicting advice out there. +multismaland\nso, do you vegans have any proof os these claims? because a vegan made the big mistake of actually linking dr. barnard's published research. big mistake, but this must have been a novice vegan who didn't know to never post any real data.\nyou see, dr. barnard's study showed that after 74 weeks on a vegan diet, t2 diabetics' hba1c went from 8.05 to 7.75. anything above 6 is dangerously unhealthy. so no, dr. barnard did not \"reverse\" or cure diabetes. a vegan diet barely had any benefit, and the t2 diabetics in his study were still dying from terribly uncontrolled blood sugar despite going on a pristine controlled vegan diet.\ncompare that to a low-carb study that lasted a mere 24 weeks (1/3 the times of dr. barnard's study): t2 diabetics' hba1c went from 8.8 to 7.3. that's better than 4x the progress in 1/3 the time.\nhmmm...sounds like a low-carb diet is much better than a vegan diet. strange that vegans don't know this. i guess dr. barnard wouldn't make much money telling people that all his peer-reviewed studies show that a vegan diet does not help reverse or cure diabetes. dr. barnard also knows that vegans don't know how to read scientific studies, so he's in the clear to keep raking in the dough. if vegans could read scientific studies, not a single one would ever mention dr. barnard in a positive light ever. can diabetic retinopathy be reversed? http://nutritionfacts.org/video/can-diabetic-retinopathy-be-reversed/ the reversal of blindness due to hypertension and diabetes with dr. kempner's rice and fruit diet demonstrates the power of diet to exceed the benefits of the best modern medicine and surgery has to offer. this woman is right on the money, kill the carbs, kill the starch, kill the fruit, kill the sugar and eat more fatty foods like beef, fish, lamb etc and more vegetables like pumpkin, zucchini, squash, brusselssprouts, eggplant, kale, beans, mushrooms, capsicum, chilli, leek, radish, cabbage, broccoli, olives, tomatoes, onions etc. sorry dr. sarah...but my cells need carbs like my fiat needs gasoline. +miki leeshe is not talking people with normal blood sugar. she is talking about people who have already developed or are about to develop diabetes. listen again. i eat tons of fruit and i am nowhere near diabetic. if i were diabetic, however, i would eat very little fruit.\nso sick of this \"traditional\" chinese diet from the china study and others. these studies were made when communism was in full force in china, and the peasants were forced to eat a low-calorie diet of rice. i suppose if you want to go on a 1,000-calorie rice diet, you should.\nand hospital food is crap. i just found one sample of a diabetes menu on line - bran flakes, whole wheat toast with margarine? are you kidding? +eric k\nlook here +eric k...you can stop the name calling. i'm far from clueless and my comment had nothing to do with you making poor food choices. step away from the doritos. you can't tell me that eating fresh fruit (which are carbs) will contribute to developing diabetes, cause obesity, or make diabetes worse if consumed in moderation.\ni like how dr. sarah gives the example of the \"american-ized chinese\" meal. but what about the traditional asian or rad diet?\nstop trolling for comments to name call and get your butt a book to read-you might learn something. http://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/ ya keep eating all that fat and make your self even more insulin resistant. diabetes reversal: is it the calories or the food?\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/diabetes-reversal-is-it-the-calories-or-the-food/\neven when study subjects are forced to eat so much that they didn't lose any weight, a plant-based diet can still reverse type 2 diabetes in a matter of weeks. +trever bull you are correct. and so can 80% plants, and 20% animal fats. that's what i would do. diabetics should take their pulses bean, chickpea, split pea, and lentil consumption as a means of optimizing diabetes control.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/diabetics-should-take-their-pulses/ oh brother. how may times have we been through this. diabetics should avoid sugar and refined junk carbs. you think lobster raises blood sugar levels? how? @eric k\nshow me one study that shows steak or lobster is good for insulin resistance. oh wait you can't. +trever bull lentils v. lobster. chickpeas v. steak. split peas v. chicken. beans v. eggs.\nyeah, most people would rather have a lentil dinner than a lobster dinner. sure. i have a simple plant based recipe and a good basic grocery list if anyone wants it... i can just email it to you. every hclf vegan on here knows this video is 18 minutes of horse shit. good luck setting personal goals, trying not to snap at work, pleasing your spouse, and keeping up with your kids with your low carb diet. eat whole-foods plant-based and be a whole lot happier. +eric k http://nutritionfacts.org/video/cheese-mites-and-maggots/\ncheese mites and maggots lol enjoy @dan mccabelove cheese. no problem with it. actually i'm happiest with sweet tropical fruit. and yes i eat a vegan diet, but i'm not going to get in your face if you don't want to do the same. i should urge you to stay away from packaged food (do you really think cheese is good for you?) and eat food in it's natural state, as often as possible. +xcrunner8k yup! give up eggs, chicken, shrimp, cheese, poultry and beef, and you will be just so much happier eating lentils, beans and sprouts.\ntime to issue another one:\nvegan alert! vegan alert! \"...there is a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick.\" so true not only in diabetis... yep! this is a brave, articulate, intelligent lady!\none of the best speakers i have ever heard, and i've heard thousands.\nthe love for what she does shines through.\nsooo much information and logic packed in this great video! carbs aren't evil. its the resistance. low fat reduces the resistance, thus no need for the higher response because the glucose won't stay in the blood as long or as high.\nlow carb or low fat. high both is where a problem arises and is quite common in the western diets.\nsaturated and trans fats and cholesterol need to be eliminated in either approach, because vascular health is important to the body's ability to distribute and process the glucose.\nboth lchf and hclf can be effective, and for opposite reasons. however lchf has been shown to have long term hazards to heart and brain health. for that reason, a hclf is still the best choice for long term, the lchf might still be useful for breaking the diabetic condition, but it should be treated as a temporary intervention before a proper long term lifestyle change can be established to prevent reoccurrence. don't forget to eat your beets for better health, fight cancer and lowers blood pressure. the nitrate in vegetables, which the body can turn into the vasodilator nitric oxide, may help explain the role dark green leafy vegetables play in the prevention and treatment of hypertension (high blood pressure) and heart disease.\nbeets 87%carb 3%fat 10%protein\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/veg-table-dietary-nitrate-scoring-method/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/hearts-shouldnt-skip-a-beet/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/oxygenating-blood-with-nitrate-rich-vegetables/ @eric k\ndark green leafy vegetables. beets are just the best source. +trever bull beets are gross. any alternatives? i eat low carb & love how i feel, look and live! ..... lots of non-starchy veggies + protein & healthy fats = : - )))) without the bloating, fat belly and lethargy i had with high carbs and grains the guys got a chicken gobbler for a neck lol his skin looks like its melting off his face. and yes diet matters for every sport if you don't give it the carbs it wants you will fall short. mcgregor was eating low carb paleo and in is own worlds he was already gassed out at round 2 of 5. carbs are the fuel for the body and without them your left sleeping. irrelevant for a short sporting even. i am aware of \"carb loading\" for a marathon, but soon that will also be debunked. google tim noakes to get an education about what a low-fat diet did to him. @trever bulli think any \"sport\" in which you try to knock your opponent unconscious is really stupid. even stupider is allowing yourself to be knocked unconscious and beaten into a bloody pulp. why would anyone want to do that? especially when most make no money at it. @eric k\nhey do you like ufc bullshit! no primate has a high fat requirement. @philippe orlandoyou shouldn't have come here in the first place. you are not interested in eliminating type 2 diabetes. you are interested in spreading the vegan religion. vegan alert! +eric k any diet that occasions a weight loss will do that! doesn't mean that anything that makes you lose weight is healthy. why don't you pick up smoking! i think i know where you are on this subject, you're one of those people who think primates should eat a lot of fat and animal protein. the picture is a little bit bigger than just type 2 diabetes. you also have kidneys, but i get it. instead of dealing with some non-issue you think you might want to pick up for me, i'll deal with the fact that it's probably too late for you. go march proud, big hunter, i\"m sure you have a steak joint not too far. last advice, check the definition of cognitive dissonance. good night. don't bother, i'm done here. deal with it. @philippe orlandothis is a lecture about reversing t2 diabetes. she has had success with her patients. deal with it. +eric k get your carbs the same way primates get their carbs. leaves, whether it's kale, swiss chard, spinach, all kind of squash, etc. now, if you think one moment that type 2 diabetes was prevalent in medieval europe when most people were eating grain, you're a fool! and if you think type 2 diabetes was prevalent in communist china, you're even a bigger fool! so according to that stupid doctor in that video we shouldn't eat carbs, uh? so explain to me why our species still has amylase in its saliva? amylase is an enzyme that start the digestion of starch in the mouth while you're chewing! lions and other carnivores don't have it, by the way. also, explain to me why we do not make vitamin c in our body? if you are sedentary stick to vegetables for your primary source of carbs, mainly leafy greens and all squash. if you run marathon, don't be afraid of pasta. that stupid doc forgot to mention that for most of their evolution humans were not sedentary. great speechsarah :) when people start to understand that lchf is the way to stay healthy .the grain & sugar companies are going to slowly die off . doctor'swill be losing money, cause patients won't need them to give pills out we don't need any longer .pharmaceutical sales will go down . that's their \"payback\" for making people sick for years& hiding/covering upthe truth - only to make money off us !!are bodies are all different that's where they screwed up . most people can not tolerate eating them . this is \"my\" opinion of the mess they all put us in .lchf has cured 90% of all my health issues . i say 90% because after 20 years of eating that junk it did a lot of damage :( this is whats wrong with low carb promoters they look at studies like in this video http://nutritionfacts.org/video/how-much-added-sugar-is-too-much/ which shows negative effects of eating refined sugars like high fructose and they apply these results to all thing containing fructose like fruit. but the truth is they have complete opposite affects. http://nutritionfacts.org/video/if-fructose-is-bad-what-about-fruit/ i disagree with her when it comes to obesity is a \"hormonal disease\" it may be for some, but the majority of the people it's not, it's pure laziness and a lack of discipline. yep, i know, i skyrocketted to 197lbs at one point - been overweight pretty much my whole entire life (i'd say after elementary school is when i gained the most lbs). i got a wakeup call, started to change my eating and exercise, watched the foods i ate and educated myself. i lost nearly 37lbs so far. still a ways to go, but you can't tell me that people can't help being obese.there's a lot of people who can help it but won't and they make the excuse of \"well there's nothing i can do about it\" - heck, if i thought like that, i'd be over 200lbs today! pssshhh...this lady says that the methods to treating diabetes is the problem but the real problem is the the lies people believe about their condition that it can never change. oh well! i've been studying curing diabetes and discovered a fantastic website at diabetes crusher tactic (check it out on google) insulin resistance is caused by fat clogging the cells. notice she mentioned the \"american \" version of chinese food. does the chinese version have less rice? insulin resistance, but resistance of the alpha cells of the pancreas. (beta cells make insulin, alpha cells make glucagon) overproduction of glucagon and liver converts protein to glucose even on long term fasts... check it out. need to find a fix for the alpha cell resistance, then carbohydrate restriction will work for me. got any clues? i've cut down on starch/sugar, and since i've been supplementing my diet with coral minerals, my blood sugar has been stable for over a week now. also after eating butter, cream, eggs every day fatty meats my blood work was great! this diet is recommended by duke, john hopkins, the university of pennsylvania and the university of california. not too shabby. thank you for a great presentiation.. i have been doing lchf since the middle of december. i have gone from 252 to 210 since then. i am a male 6ft tall and 65 years old. also my sense of we being is much improved. keep up the good work! http://nutritionfacts.org/video/does-coconut-oil-clog-arteries/ @eric k\nyou can shout it as many times as you like that does not make it fact. the fact is a whole foods plant based diet is the healthiest diet for human beings.\nraising animals for food (including land used for grazing and land used to grow feed crops) now uses a staggering 30% of the earth's land mass. could you imagine if the whole world tried to eat your diet there would be no place for humans to live. @trever bullno kidding! but 99% of americans will not live their lives that way. how many times do i have to shout this?! so, it's our fault that other people are fat? dr. hallberg doesn't exactly look trim herself, i would call it fluffy. this is so true!!! my diabetic grandfather went on a diet very similar to this when i was a small child. he lost a lot of weight, and today doesn't do anything to control his diabetes. no meds. no insulin. no finger-pricking. he is very skinny and very healthy. he doesn't need to watch that because his blood sugar is fine! this lady knows what she's talking about. you should try it out! putting carbohydrates and sugars in one box is ridiculous. ever heard of glycemic index? good info i've been following the lchf lifestyle, my blood sugar levels have gone down, my body fat level has gone down by 8%, my chronic tendonitis is gone revers type 2 diabetes in as little as 16 days https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10209325909613246 no i didn't say you are guarantee you would get cancer i said you will have a higher risk. both smoker and non smoker can get lung cancer the fact is the smoker is more likely to get it. @trever bullno, i cannot agree that the person who smokes one cig a week is more likely to get cancer. i see you have an some sort of obsessive compulsive order. an egg a week will give you high cholesterol. one hot dog a month will give you heart disease or a heart attack. you probably freak out if you are exposed to second-hand smoke. relax. @eric k\nthanking for showing your ignorance but no. but you can agree that the person that smokes one cig a week is more likely to get lung cancer than the non smoker. and your not talking about eating one peace of animal a week your talking about one with every meal. @trever bullactually, there is nothing wrong with smoking one cigarette a week or probably on cigarette a day. i don't like the taste. @eric k\nya and its ok to consume cigarettes and asbestos once in awhile too. paleopoo: what we can learn from fossilized feces http://nutritionfacts.org/video/paleopoo-what-we-can-learn-from-fossilized-feces/ oh, and load up on a vitamin c supplement. thank you for giving me hope! i'm a type 2, doing my own thing, i.e. diet and no meds, making doctors wealthy! thank you for speaking the truth. i completely agree with this if it works for you. i think that high fat diets aren't for everyone. however we do over react to things like cholesterol. there are many studies that show it isn't as bad as we think.\none diet doesn't fit all and i think this is an important part of this message. if we are ill then we need to eat differently to someone who isn't ill. we need to stop arguing about food and accept that as long as people are healthy then they should be able to eat how according to their needs.\nlow carb does not suit everyone and clearly high carb doesn't suit everyone. having said that, our vegetables are nothing like they used to be. our potatoes etc are a lot higher in starch.\nscience and the 'system' need to wake up and stop keeping us sick. i couldn't agree more with the 'stop using medicine to treat disease' when we can do it through diet. diet and herbs can reverse most diseases, even terminal ones. i think there is enough evidence to prove this now, it's just not evidence the 'system' (or fda) will acknowledge. let's get some perspective here. diabetes, though a very loathsome disease, isn't the biggest issue here. the six leading causes of death in the us are as follows (according to the cdc):\nheart disease: 611,105\ncancer: 584,881\nchronic lower respiratory diseases: 149,205\naccidents (unintentional injuries): 130,557\nstroke (cerebrovascular diseases): 128,978\nalzheimer's disease: 84,767\nthen we get diabetes: 75,578 deaths/year.\nwtf is that!?!?!?!? a disease that claims about 12% of those as the #1 killer, and she's recommending a diet that will surely put you in the #1 spot? wtf?!?!?!?!?! f***ing stupid c*nt!\ni'm not a vegan, though i do dramatically limit my intake of meat, and am trying to cut back on dairy (cholesterol levels were at the limit, and i'm a 34 year old endurance athlete). seriously, how does someone who burns over 2,000 calories/day with exercise alone have a cholesterol issue? i call complete and utter bs on this. she's drawing conclusions that the problem is too many carbs in the bloodstream, and she's right, but it's not the entire picture. she's doing what most bad physicians do and she's treating the symptom, not the cause. if you look at it from a different angle you may draw a different conclusion, as in: the reason why there are too many carbs in the bloodstream is the lack of utilization... or, the body cannot store more glycogen in the muscle because it's already topped off. a real scientist would look at every angle they could to eliminate all variables... she's a physician, not a scientist.\nhere's the rub, and i'm not talking about heat build-up from the thunder-thighs of our quack presenter when she walks: blood sugar levels drop with exercise. your body uses stored glycogen in the muscles, sugars in the blood, and converts stored energy (body fat) into energy forms the muscles can use for exercise at all intensity levels. also, there is research (i can't remember where), that shows blood sugar levels have greater spikes when carbs are consumed with meat (no info on dairy and eggs). carbs are energy, and they're essential to metabolism!\ndrink more water! and stop drinking anything else as a regular beverage (with the exception of tea and black coffee). seriously, just freaking stop drinking all the crap.\neat more fiber... you're not eating enough! fiber. is. a. carb! shocking! i strive for a minimum of 1 gram of fiber for every 2 lbs of ideal bodyweight. remove foods low in fiber and replace with foods high in fiber.\nthe the lion's share of your carbs from unrefined, whole foods. that is whole grains (brown rice, whole wheat, etc.), potatoes (preferably sweet potatoes), legumes, and fruits.\neat more veggies... you're not eating enough! again, replace non-veggies with veggies, and don't cook them in oils/fats. fresh is best, but i steam all of mine.\neat less meat... you're eating too much. meat should be a treat, not a staple. i personally eat about 2 meals/month with meats.\neat less dairy... again, you have too much. pop the animal teet out of your mouth... you're an adult. grow up!\neat more omega-3 and less omega-6 (look up the foods). ground flax is one of the best, not fish oils.\nget off of your lazy ass and move! vigorous exercise for at least 20 min, at least 3 times per week. if you're not forming pools of sweat on the ground, it's not vigorous. moderate exercise for at least 30 min the rest of the days. and no, doing a 40 minute session does not count as 2 sessions. your body recruits different metabolic systems for longer periods of exercise.\nif you don't have time to do this, you're going to live with a chronic disease that will eat away the quality of your life, until you die before you can even draw social security benefits. if you follow her guidelines, you will end up getting rid of type ii, but you will die from the #1 killer... heart disease.\nmy last piece of advice is to keep a minor daily indulgence, a minor weekly one, and a minor monthly one. some people have to go 100%, but keeping the little things has helped my sanity. for me, i have a cappuccino with dairy milk every morning (no sugar). on the weekends, i make breakfast for my family with eggs. about once or twice a month we'll go out and get a burger, or a pizza, or some other amazing dish with some tasty meats, but we don't cook it in our house (it's a heck of a lot cleaner too, as far as the amount of bacteria in our kitchen). i splurge on thanksgiving and christmas, and throw caution to the wind.\nwake up, and stop believing this low-carb nonsense! if you want to be healthy, you have to work... f**king hard!!! there is no easy way out. you do not get to eat what you want, when you want. @silversx80ok, you are not a vegan. good. that means you can follow what dr. hallberg is saying. she has obviously had great success with her patients (and she's not selling anything). i'll take her word over your word any day. @silversx80sorry, genius, but eggs have not given me hemorrhoids and constipation. i also eat lots of fruit and veggies. and what does the weight of food have to do with anything?\ni think i'm getting the gist here. i clicked on your name and found nothing to give it away. but i'm going to take an educated guess on you.\nvegan alert! vegan alert! +eric k cereal, bread, flour-based foods are all refined grains. stick with steel-cut oats, brown (whole grain) rice, corn, etc., for your grains. you seem to be confused as to what grains actually are.\nalso, i can eat nearly a pound of fresh blueberries for 200 calories, which would be a struggle to eat that volume of food. what's more, i'd get a significant amount more fiber, vitamins, minerals, and other benefits. or, i can eat 2/3 lb of steel-cut oats for 200 calories for lots of fiber, good fats, and a reasonable amount of protein. how about a pound of fresh apples for just over 200 calories? maybe a typical breakfast of honeydew... nearly a pound and a half of food.\nyour egg? not even 1/3 lb of food for 200 calories. how much fiber and vitamin c are you getting? zero.\noh, and mammals gut-bacteria release acetate in the presence of fiber, which works to suppress hunger.\n... but, clearly, i'm arguing with a genetically-superior intellect. please carry on. enjoy your hemorrhoids and constipation. @silversx80right. give grains (which are sugar) to someone trying to prevent or reverse type 2 diabetes. i see who the quack is.\nhunger-suppressing hormone response from fiber? bwahahahahahahahahaha! what an idiot.\nmore food for less calories? what the hell does that mean? i eat two eggs and a little cheese for breakfast (200 calories) and i'm full. cereal? i need to double the alleged serving on the box, double the milk, and i'm probably at 450 calories. +eric k\ndiabetes is preventable, as is heart disease!!! true, lowering your weight will lower your risk of both, but like i said, i've had cholesterol issues as an endurance athlete. my heart disease risk was evaluated as high, even though my body composition still left me with a 6-pack.\nyes, eliminating empty calories like sugar and juice is good, but you also need to eliminate (or severely reduce) refined fats (oils). grains aren't the enemy, either. look at calorie density. you can get more food for less calories. furthermore, your gut bacteria responds to the fiber you eat with a hunger-suppressing hormone response. eat more fiber, and your body essentially tells you to stop eating. added benefit: less constipation.\na high-fiber diet will help you lose weight even better than this quack's. i'm pretty sure a low fat plant based diet is much better for your health and there are also doctors that recommends it for diabetics. @theodoro89the ada also gives bad advise. if you are pre-diabetic you need to keep carbs from crap grains and all sugar to a minimum. sadly, they don't advise that. @eric kit's kinda sad though, isn't it? other people are trying to survive and other people have everything they want but they're killing themselves. @theodoro89yeah. if america's rate of obesity and type 2 diabetes were the same as it was in 1970, we would be in great shape. reportedly, we could save $200 billion every year in healthcare costs.\nwe cut the smoking rate down from 50% to 20%, and lung cancer rates plummeted. too bad we can't stop people from pigging out on junk food. @eric kthe american diet isn't just horrible. i would describe it suicidal. @theodoro89american diets are horrible. and it's just not mcdonald's and fast food. everything comes in a package, and everything in a package is loaded with junk. we don't have the time or patience to make a salad or cook anything from scratch. our obesity and type 2 diabetes rates are through the roof, with no end in sight.\ni figured out how to be healthy. it's not that difficult. most americans are clueless, and/or don't care. they would rather shoot insulin and take medication than give up their cake and cookies. it's amazing the leverage the pharmaceutical industry has on doctors and is leading them to provide patients with bad treatments as opposed to cures. i really like this video and i'm glad that someone is spreading the knowledge. thank you. following your advice for only four days, and i feel great. can't wait to see the results of my next a1c!!! thank you, dr, hallberg. these so called professionals give conflicting information. no wonder we're all confused. eat a plant base diet, fruit, and take a b12 supplement and be healthy. it's that simple. 100% ditto, i'm glad it's not just me sick of their b/s, that diet is pretty much same as mine @mark lowei know, i know. i eat red meat occasionally (and it's probably not bad for you at all), poultry, fish, eggs, dairy, fruits and vegetables. refined sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice and grains are mostly out. it's an excellent way to maintain health.\nthe vegans don't want to use animals for food (even honey). that's fine. but stop telling us the only way to be healthy and avoid t2 diabetes is to be a vegan. sick of it. +eric k that was gold. \"whole food plant based high carb low fat\" blah blah blah. i'm so sick of hearing this parrot babble. incomplete protein chains, hormone imbalances and depression. never mentioned. also, when they talk about meat it's always like your eating big chunks of fat from a dirty hormone injected cattle farmer. +iw nunn vegan alert! vegan alert! sirens! sirens! vegan alert! thank you for having the heart and the courage to tell the truth about this horrible ailment!!!!!\nlove and light\nvivian well, she is careful not to use the word \"cure\" or \"they\" will come down hard on her. sad. nevertheless the information is awesome and i've shared it with my friends. just go vegan +huai li we don't have enough land to raise \"grass fed free ranged\" animals. we share the earth with these animals and to eat them is not necessary. @beautybybrooke\nnever argued that factory farming was good. but there are other ways to raise live-stock which are environmentally friendly. in fact, raising live-stock the right way is very beneficial for the environment. +huai li factory farming does the most damage to this world. watch cowspiracy. ants milk aphids. your theory is therefore wrong. not that it makes any sense, as humans are the only species that uses cars or computers. if being unique is bad, then vegans need to get off the internet, as no other animal in the world goes on the net or uses youtube, etc.\nas for the environment, there are many ways to raise meat that is better for the environment than growing veggies. vegans don't like to admit that they always need animal products (fertilizer) to grow their food, thus we will always need animals in captivity. they don't admit that planting, growing, and transporting vegan chow kills millions of animals every year.\nbeing vegan is about being religious. your health won't improve more on a vegan diet than it would on a diet free of processed foods. pufas are associated with greater incidence of cancer, while all recent studies of saturated fat show it is not even associated with any health problem, let alone causing health problems.\nsorry vegans. just admit that you think meat is murder. not health. the healthiest peoples in the world eat meat. there is no evidence that avoiding meat bestows any health benefit. even vegan dr. katz admits as much. dr. barnard's published studies show that going vegan does not benefit diabetics, but every low-carb study shows that even eating copious amounts of animal products can greatly benefit diabetics.\nall the science says that being vegan confers no special benefit. not a single clinical study. just admit it's about faith, not health or science. watch \"earthlings\" is on youtube somewhere. and watch \"cowspiracy\" it's on netlfix. it will explain everything. she knows what she's talking about. she's just repeating what dr atkins discovered decades ago. as a 25yr, multi generation diabetic, i found the atkins plan worked well at helping control my blood sugar levels.the problem was, long term, your body craves what you don't give it. so it becomes a vicious cycle of trying to find the happy middle ground that you can do for the long run. her science is sound. i wish more doctors would recognize that and quit pandering to the big pharma interests. if you have diabetes type 1 or 2 you really need to look into diabetes university by dr. richard k. bernstein on youtube. he is an endocrinologist and diabetologist who has lived with diabetes for 69 years. also read his book \" the diabetes solution\". you can have and deserve normal blood sugars and he can help you achieve that. i agree your approach to the guidelines, because, fundamentally, it was based on the medication treatment. however, i don't agree your statement on starch and fat.\ni don't think that people go to the chinese restaurant, which has more fat than other asian food, and chinese buffet, which has unlimited fried choices and dessert, to eat rice (carbs).\nwhat you eat, which you explained about your diet, is not about fat. it is rather about antioxidant, mineral and fibre, which might be needed micro-amount in our body. fat and simple sugar (not starch), which are fluent in cheap fast food restaurants and food court in north america.\nwhat you are saying is for the people who really enjoy fatty food and who cannot get out from the choices, which i absolutely agree on your opinion.\nhowever, again, in the north american food environment, fat must not be emphasized by healthcare professionals as a substituted food of sugar.\nfrom a clinical dietitian. nothing brings out the whacky nutjobs like a video about diet. eat this, don't eat that, and you will be cured of whatever ails you. but just like the religions, they can't ever agree on what it is you should or shouldn't eat. if these morons insult your intelligence too, just do what i do - eat a balanced diet (yes, including meat), get some exercise every day, and you will be fine. omg just go vegan hey everyone, interested in treating diabetes the best success that ive had was with the diabetes crusher tactic (look for it on google) definately the best course that i have ever had. if you are interested in curing diabetes the best success that i've ever had is called the diabetes crusher tactic (look for it on google) without a doubt the no.1 course that i've used. i've been spending time with the help of my son researching into curing diabetes then we discovered a great resource at diabetes crusher tactic (check it out on google) i have spent months studying curing diabetes after which we found a fantastic resource at diabetes crusher tactic (check it out on google) its rare that im surprized but this video really caused me to think i need to ask - did viewers realise there is recent discovery\npeople around this planet are seeing improvement i learned about this by studying website check it out look for diabetes crusher tactic on google hi guys, interested in treating diabetes the best results that ive had was by using the diabetes crusher tactic (i found it on google) definately the most incredible website that i've tried. dr bernstein said this long ago. i did things her way for over 20 years and i got worse and worse trying to avoid carbs. last year, i hit 240 pounds and was taking 300 units a day of insulin. so i tried dr. barnard's way. i lost 75 pounds and reduced my insulin from 300 units to under 60 units without exercise. then i started to exercise and used less than 30 units a day. she talks of insulin resistance but insulin resistance changes. more fat on your body and more fat in your diet increases insulin resistance. lose weight on a low fat diet and your insulin resistance drops and you need to take less insulin i take x amount of insulin per 10 carbs eaten. when i was 240 pounds and eating fat, i had to take 12 units of insulin for each 10 carbs eaten because my insulin resistance was so high. today i take 1 to 2 units of insulin for each 10 carbs eaten (depending if i exercise and how much).\nthe key was to limit fat... especially oil. remember fat increases insulin resistance. i ate a low fat, oil free, plant based diet. note.. i am not a vegan. i ate as much veggies and legumes i wanted. i did limit high gi fruits like bananas but ate as many apples, pears, and oranges i wanted. i ate a couple of slices of ezekiel 4:9 organic bread a day as well as some spaghetti too but did not overdo it on grains. no animal proteins or fats which means no milk or eggs but that is for my heart health... (see dr esselstyn)\ni still have to lose another 20 pounds and then i will try to \"jump start\" my insulin production. (your pancreas will not produce insulin if you are taking insulin) and if i can go 2 to 3 weeks without insulin, my pancreas may start producing enough insulin so i can eat a few carbs without taking insulin. but just for those few weeks that i stop taking insulin - i will greatly limit my carb intake to almost nothing. find me on facebook (i have a public account) to see how it works for me over the next year.\ni have two family members who are/were type 1 diabetics. my father took insulin for 59 years. he died at age 80 in 2004. he was diagnosed in 1945 when he was 21. he was one of the top ten longest living insulin dependent diabetics when he pasted.he got an award from lilly for it. he avoided fat like it was poison.\ni saw a bunch of very disturbing posts on here trashing the forks over knives people. last year, i went on the holistic holiday at sea cruise. i met hundreds of people who had reversed their diabetes using dr. barnard's method. your anti vegan stance is probably colored by your love of beef, bacon and cheese and you will believe anything to keep justifying your love of that food. i am not a vegan - i step on bugs, eat honey (limited), and would not hesitate to kill animals for food if i was starving. i eat only for my health. my doctor can not believe how good my numbers are. my ldl c is under 50, my blood pressure is 100/70 instead of 180/115 and my a1c has dropped by over 2 points. keep laughing fat eaters... it does not take a rocket scientist to figure out that eating fat makes you fat. go ahead haters - trash my success. eric k are you addicted to olive oil? you can bake fish and other thing you know. plus with all the toxins and radiation in the fish now i wouldn't eat it. +eric k - like i said before, you eat what you want but going low fat/ no oil plant based did everything that the doctors you called quacks promised it would. weight loss, better insulin sensitivity, lower blood pressure, and better vascular circulation. but never mind facts and results - just call them a bad name and your point is made. @thomas kahn\nis the speaker here paid by the various meat, dairy and egg industries? i don't think so. so why would she be giving out what to you is fraudulent information.\nshe looks pretty honest and earnest. just a pathological liar?\nactually, i use butter more than olive oil to grease my pans. you have a problem with butter for greasing pans? +eric k esselstyn saves lives. the no oil on the pan is more for those who have advanced heart disease - so advanced they can't be operated on. this is to reverse severe heart disease. and there is a reason esselstyn does that.... any cheating leads to more cheating. i let a friend spray a little pam cooking spray on some tin foil with veggies to put on the grill. pam has just over 200 grams of fat in a can but since they claim 750 servings, they claim that a serving has 0 grams fat. (rounded down to 0) my friend used more than 1/10 the can.... everything was soaked in grease with over 20 grams of fat. food soaks up whatever oil you put in the pan. but you keep calling esselstyn every name in the book. he and his colleges have helped many and his detractors are paid by the various meat, dairy, and egg industries.\nhere is a starter list of some of the people his diet has helped and it worked for me.\nhttp://www.dresselstyn.com/site/success-stories/ lady go listen to dr. neal barnard +irene sanchez it also has it's downsides but we never seem to hear about them and they are usually justified by moral digression. if only vegans hear about veganism, whats the point? non vegans may find veganism helpful if they know about the benefits post on vegan sites, not on nutrition sites. i don't enjoy dead animals in my mouth. and many people are interested in being healthier, not causing suffering to other animals and produce less pollution in the earth we happen to live in. +irene sanchez yes, listen to neal barnard if you want to give up all the foods you enjoy. so many people are interested in becoming a vegan. like maybe 1%. for those of us who embrace a very low carb diet.....the results speak for themselves....like an a1c of 5.3! try riding a bike or running in ketosis... doesn't work. @liss sterling that guy did 7 months on a ketogenic diet and reported the effects. basically, he was a far less efficient runner. more effort at the same intensity. only people who don't care about their physical health and fitness and are completely lazy will stick to a ketogenic diet. @eric k the ada doesn't care about anyone, its one big business. saying that your pancreas will become too stressed producing insulin when you eat too many carbs is like saying your brain will turn off if you think too hard or your heart will stop if you exercise too much. http://fellrnr.com/wiki/ketogenic_experiment +eric k ^hahaha, yes isn't that just adorable. @liss sterling nobody will ever run a sub 3 hour marathon in ketosis meat causes higher spikes in insulin... the fat is the cause of the fucking insulin resistance though. chinese that eat a lot of rice with very little or no protein are not diabetic http://www.idf.org/bridges/map/china\nmaybe rice is a risk factor with a modernizing life style...........\nlow carbing plus lots of fats and veggies works for me and has for about 7 years. drifting into the higher carb intake by way of beans, does not work for me. beans, grains, and sugars are all dangerous for someone prone to t2 dm. because china just started diagnosing diabetes less than 30 years ago. they have a rising epidemic of diabetes. +olrobert sanders what's her name. that sounds interesting. i'd like to ask her about it. +htc uporaba i have never heard of a chinaman named robert sanders. have you? +eric k her doctor. it wasn't permanently. she can give you more details if you want to talk to her. i wish this presentation was more in-depth. good gooooooooooooooood interesting points ,if anyone else trying to find out how can diabetes be prevented try panlarko amazing diabetes planner (just google it ) ? ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my friend got cool results with it. what causes diabetes? http://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-diabetes/ i guess it's a good thing i don't tell people to eat a crappy vegan processed diet, but a whole foods plant based one. that's kind of sad that you can't tell the difference from eating a whole grain like barley and eating refined product like barley flour. whole foods plant base is any plant that you can find in nature simple as that don't get what's hard to understand. @trever bull\ni don't know what \"whole foods\" means. and if you are talking about not eating animal products, i am with the 98%. i guess we are all weak minded because we do like fruits and veggies, but we also like things beyond lentils, beans, soy, tasteless veggie burgers, and whatever else you eat. @eric k\nthe fact is that you keep saying eating whole foods is to hard which prove my point that your weak minded just face the facts. @trever bull\nyou are such a brilliant guy, tever. ever hear of a typo? enjoy your beans. warning! if you are enrolled in medicare and are thinking of taking advantage of a \"free\" diabetes screening because the booklet that medicare distributes says in part: \"you pay nothing for the test (diabetes screening) if your doctor or other qualified health care provider accepts assignment.\" this is not true and is probably a deceptive ploy by medicare to make you think they will pay for everything. the truth is this: medicare will not pay for the office visit in order for the tests to be done. you will be responsible for the visit. in my case, the office visit was for $350. after the deductible, i had to pay $150. medicare must stop this misrepresentation of the actual costs by stating that the office visit is to be paid by the patient. hello,\nlook at this study about high carb vegan diet in comparison with the traditional diabetes recommendation\nits interesting to see that both approaches got positive results.\ni guess the most important factor to cure or reverse the negative effects on diabetes is to\neat less calories and more veggetables/fruits and proteins/healthy fats in moderation\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2677007/ if we look at studies, both directions (low carb/lowfat) can improve and reverse diabetes and other diseases, im sure that a moderate intake in animal fats (meat and diary), and an increase intake in veggetables, legumes and fruits are benefical for most people.\n+ more activity (sport, moving around...)\nhelps to improve insulin sensibility and the body needs less insulin to transport glucose to the cells. +valentino peluso you are correct. but the vegan fanatics post here claiming that only being a vegan can stop or reverse t2 diabetes. total bs. +valentino peluso you are correct. but the vegan fanatics post here claiming that only being a vegan can stop or reverse t2 diabetes. total bs. not sure if i should believe the low carb theory, most of the unbiased researches say no - www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc1394223/ this makes more sense to me - http://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/\n\" in conclusion, the lack of an initial peak and the early decline of muscle g-6-p concentrations suggest that even at physiological concentrations, ffas (free fatty acids)primarily inhibit glucose transport/phosphorylation, preceding the reduction of whole-body glucose disposal by up to 120 min in humans.\" <<<< http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10334314\nkeep eating plant-based, whole food diet and continue to move. don't worry too much about how many grams of carb/protein/fat you are eating. reducing carbs to zero? doesn't sound good to me. you're saying the exact opposite of neal barnard in his ted talk. he says low fat with unrestricted carbs. how are you both successful? doesn't make sense. @soylentgreenb\nexplain how eating a carbohydrate like potato can make you fat. in order for you to do de novo lipogenesis you have to over consume calories by about 50%, so someone that should eat 2,333 calories would have to eat 3,500 calories. if you were to eat only potatoes you would have to eat over 8lbs of potatoes. its 422 calories per pound of potatoes or 0.93 calories per gram so you get to eat 5.5 pounds of potatoes before you hit 2,333 calories.\nnow lets look at skinless chicken breast roasted, there's 745.19 calories per pound 2.4 calories per gram. so that means if you were to only eat chicken you would only get to eat 3.1lbs before you start storing more fat then your body can use. unlike carbohydrates fat does not have to go through a conversion process to become fat so the body is easily able to store it as fat. but eating this wouldn't be hallbergs diet because she recommends eat at least 70% of your calories in fat, this chicken is only 20% fat and 80% protein, so lets look at a fatter meat.\npork sausage is 75-80% fat and 24-18% protein and 3.4-4 calories per gram. sausage is 1320 calories per pound or 3.4 calories per gram. so if that was the only thing you at all day you would get to only eat 1.5 lbs or 1.5 packs bob evans original pork sausage. sorry but that does not sound like a very filling diet to me +trever bull glycogen stores are very limited. excess glucose, most of it, is turned into fat. fructose in particular is metabolized almost entirely in the liver and hence causes fatty liver disease like alcohol in excessive amounts. +trever bull\nhey thanks! i need the resources you shared. really, thanks so much. you obviously spent time listing those web sites.\ni was diagnosed officially diabetic last thursday. at a bit of a loss. i appreciate the direction.\ni don't plan on staying diabetic. i'll do whatever i have to do. knowing what to do is the problem. *i've had type-2 diabetes for years. i was constantly worried about my blood sugar levels. i never had any energy, and i always had to be careful what i ate. no matter what i did, i couldn't get my diabetes under control. i felt trapped, and i felt like a burden on my family. but then i start to use the awesome program 7 steps to health and the big diabetes lie technique details here : (**https://plus.google.com/u/0/116898423322122035824/posts**) to reverse my diabetes, and now my family can barely keep up with me. i'm eating my favorite foods, and doing the things i love. your program gave me my life back. thank you for saving my life!* +harold eubank it's completely natural and side effect free. i am using it right now. it really works! thank you. look, if anyone was using insulin for twenty years - that has to mean their pancreas has stopped working - 300 units of insulin a day?ok, so now they eliminate carbs from their diet and - no more insulin needed. really, than where is it coming from - are you saying the pancreas is now working and providing all the necessary insulin??? ridiculous she does not differentiate between complex carbs and refined carbs. she is referring to refined carbs: while flour, white bread, white rice, white sugar. complex carbs are those found in whole grains, potatoes, beans, brown rice, etc. this is also called starch - essential to power your body for daily living. see dr. john mcdougall videos. he has reversed type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease for his patients. my fasting blood sugar is 107 mg/dl\ni feel extremely thirsty after eating a meal with amounts of carbs.\ni think i'm diabetic\ni'm only 23 years old\nmy height is 184 cm while my weight is 95 kg. do you think i can reverse it by weight loss ?\nplease someone answer, my life really turned terrible. 107 reading of fasting is a sign that you are insulin resistant. insulin resistance precedes diabetes and it's time to watch out and control it. read all about insulin resistance which makes weight loss challenging. +awful mind yes you should way around 77kg depending on how much muscle mass you have. easy way to lose weight is to add in less calorie dens food into your diet remember carbohydrates are 4 calories per gram where as fats are 9. so when you get hungry try to reach for healthy foods to eat like fruit, veggies, beans, potatoes, and grains like barley, quinoa or rice, did she say she is an obesity doctor ?.\nshe said we dont need carbs ?...\naiyy this woman...does she even lift. i'm a weight loss expert and own a weight loss center. your passion and beliefs mimic mine and after 30 years of helping thousands of patients just like you have! we are right and i have come up with the same conclusion!!! the drug companies are all hoping mad that this is now widely known and people have the means to cure themselves. there is more info out there now for other illnesses too we need to go looking and be in charge of are own health not them. check out mindful diabetic robby on you tube he is a type 1 diabetic that controls his diabetes with a raw whole foods plant based diet (no processed vegan junk). have she researched anything about minerals such as chromium, manganese and magnesium and how blood sugar normalizes in the presence of these minerals? what about vanadium which is critical for insulin to effectively transport the sugar into the cells? have she tested her patients for mineral deficiency? any study reference of how the presence of fat in the blood assist in insulin spikes? does fat slow down insulin work? what about any studies of how the brain and muscles suffer on a low carb regimen? my opinion/advise to loose weight: 1- sleep well, 2- hydrate well, 3- eat plenty of veggies/fruits/complex carbs/grains/plant based proteins, 4- eliminate gluten/processed foods/oils, 5- add good sources of minerals, 6-be active, and 7- surround yourself with positive minded people. reversing sin't the same as curing. diabetes can not be cured. no grains? hahahaha! i presume that the exceedingly rare condition that makes cutting out carbs dangerous is porphyria. it would be nice if someone from the speakers research group would post that on here. porphyria (internal forms) require carbs to stave off attacks which can be life threatening. it's very important to know if this is the condition she referred to because suddenly cutting out most carbs could trigger a life threatening incident and most dr's don't seem to know enough about it not to make things worse in the emergency room or hospital visits. it is hereditary and often remains silent/ hidden until something triggers the first attack. i reversed diabetes in about two weeks after spending a year trying to find a way to get around caloric restriction. i have been vegan for years and this did not prevent or reverse diabetes for me.\nwhat i did was weight lifting. i did three sets of about 10 reps where the weight was such that i could not do another rep past 10. i a full body stretch, warm up on the treadmill walking at 3.5-4mph for 5 min, i do five exercises hitting core compound movements over all muscle groups every workout, then i cool down on the treadmill for 10 to 20 min. i do that 3 times a week and in two weeks my blood sugars and between 85-91 and dropping every morning.\ni eat two meals a day, beans/tofu and veggie/salad with one piece of fruit per meal. i eat at noon and at 6pm. i also eat large portions 2000-3000 cal per day and sugars dont spike any more and return to normal in 2-3 hrs. used to spike to 300 every meal, now they go to 130 and come back down. so, italians, french and asians had diabetes all along?\nit's the sugar, stupid....and not sugar coating truth.\neat more fat ??? yeah -- that is what is at mcd\nyou may think you are avoiding diabetes and end up with coronary heart disease.\nplease go away, so can tedx...sellouts insulin makes you can weight. so if you take insulin and you are insulin resistant how is this helping people +paullena1 it's helping the pharma company that produces the insulin. big bucks for them. while the recommendation sounds good and perhaps is right, there is good reason for not announcing this as the solution to diabetes. the reason being, there is not enough food production to support the kind of protein/fat intake as recommended here. meat production is inefficient in terms of calories and proteins that goes into making them vs what we get out of it. plant protein sources are not cultivated at such scale either. grain cultivation is culturally ingrained and very tough to change. we needed high energy for strenuous activities throughout the day in the past. so grain was perfect. today's lifestyle is sedentary and we need to adjust... at least in countries where large portion of population is sedentary. so at the root, i think it is more of a logistics/supply chain problem than a lack of evidence. there are basically two schools of thought here. cut out all carbs, enter ketosis, burn fat, lower igf-1 etc etc. the only problem is that i don't believe it is sustainable. every cell in your body runs on sugar.\nthen there's the high carb low fat low protein vegan diet. burn fat, lower igf-1, have boundless energy, feel better than you ever have. and it reverses type 2 diabetes easily. in as low as 60 days in some cases (my case). eat fruit, eat greens, eat veggies, eat a lot of raw, whole, plant based foods. it's not rocket science.\nhow could fruit, greens, and veggies (most all of those are high carb foods) be bad for you? http://empoweredsustenance.com/avoid-almond-flour/ the difference between this and dr neil bernard's approach is that she sugests you ingest a lot of fat to compensate for carbs, but eating a lot of fat can cause other problems specially in your heart, if longevity is your main concern depending on individual's health condition\nhttp://www.pcrm.org/health/diabetes-resources\nthismay work better for some than the diet described in this video it's actually the satturated fat that makes you insulin resistant - why she wasn't telling that ?\nthe patient remain insulin resistant because of the fat, they just dont show it, because their carb intake is minimal to zero.\npropaganda for fat?? amazing! thank you!!! the biggest problem with controlling diabetes through diet is the lazy human variable. you can lead a horse to water but cant force them to drink. most people rather eat pills or shoot insulin than to change their shitty eating habits. we live in an instant gratification society full of people with 0 discipline or work ethic. sad but true. @katmeyster\nyou are probably right. unfortunately a lot of our doctors feel this way. but imagine if you give someone the choice between an amputated limb, or blindness, and a way of eating where they can have steak, bacon, and cheese. imagine if you educated and encouraged them, along with the cold, hard, facts. maybe a lot more people than you think would be willing to eat a different diet. @adopted hippo\nbusiness is tough, but well worth it for the long run and extremely satisfying. organic is where its at for the future too. i am considering buying some land here in florida to grow organic hot pepper strains and starting our own organic hot sauce manufacturing company. i love hot sauce but most that are out there are terrible and full of chemicals. @just add muscle recipe's wish you all the best man, im starting organic store business and i know the struggle, it looked glamorous in my rmind before starting the bussines, but it takes full time hard work to get it going. but i think once the business get stable you can focus on yourself more. @adopted hippo\nhaha yeah i am always evolving and experimenting. i have been slacking the last couple of years as i have gotten older and focused more on growing our supplement retail business and our brand but the last couple of months i have gotten some of that fire back to spend more time in the gym. staying focused with training in nutrition can be tough at times when running a business and outside stress. going to start experimenting with keto and intermittent fasting again in the upcoming weeks. wholefoodplantbased eat food closes to their natural state (lease processed)is the best way to reverse many diseases. forget terminology of vegetarian/vegan. get rid off all animal product is the first step. cheers to good health (sipping turmeric tea) +trever bull damn, trever. now i'm not going to get paid my 10 bucks! +helen varela let me say it for erik k vegan alert! lol dr. makes a lot of sense. i hear what she says. i'm going to work on it. omega-3's and the eskimo fish tale\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/omega-3s-and-the-eskimo-fish-tale/ i guess this page is helping +eric k from being exposed for the bs that he is seeing i called him out on a conversation that he claims to be hallberg's cousin forgetting he claims to me 7 months prior he was her brother. this conversation took place on a post made by +pbd11203 2 days ago. they took this conversation down 2 hours after calling him on his bs. @trever bulldr mcdougall (a/k/a dr. potato head) is not curing many people because most cannot survive on his potato diet. shrimp and grits is a great dish. but dr. potato head is anti-shrimp harvesting, so he can't recommend it. hired? bwahhahahahahaha!\nand you are correct, i do not know what novo lipogenesis is. but i am smart enough to know that you don't have to be a vegan or a starchivore (what are you 1 of 100 starchivores?) to stop diabetes, lose weight and get healthy. *type 2 diabetes is something you're stuck with for life*\nhttps://plus.google.com/101523032049954273638/posts/alyjp4iu6s7 this is indeed a great presentation. it is very informative and usable. what a dynamic presentation. truly it is one of hope to the diabetic person. this presentation puts the solution into the reach of everyone who is affected. it makes me happy for persons who are affected. the solution is achievable. dr. hallberg you even know how to hold your audience. great going girl. this is a very uneducated talk. she is missing 90% of the picture. what caused the insulin resistance in the first place? it wasn't the carbs. @eric k\nwhat you eat a meal then look at your stomach and it says to you that was 700 calories good job. @eric k\nwtf is that suppose to mean. @trever bull\ni look at my stomach. @eric k\njust because your not counting calories does not mean your not restricting them, if your not eating enough your restricting its that simple. and if you have never counted your daily consumption how do know if your over or under eating you have know reference point to judge from. @eric k\nfirstly nobody is telling people to eat bagels for better health. secondly 100grams of potatoes is 93 calories brown rice is 111 your egg is 155 bacon is 540 sausage 330 chicken 180 . thomas plain bagel 95grams 260 calories 20 from fat. very interesting. thank u for the info but, the key question is why is the glucose not going into the cells. better look at fat consumption, don't you think? big farma do not want you to know this and even they are triyng to take common vit c out of the market because it is extremly good for health. go away and play trev. or have you lost your ball? trevor bull dont waste my time talking rot on here grow up and disappear for all our sakes. cheers. +roger shirley sorry you don't like to be told to eat your fruits and veggies to be healthy. oh wait all plants except nuts, seeds and avocados are around 80% carbohydrates so eating too many will make you fat sick and diabetic. logic of lchf omg, thank god i'm not diabetic. there's credible science on polar opposites of this debate. you have the lchf people, and the lfhc people constantly pulling us in two opposite directions. let's go people, get your stuff together and come to a consensus, people are literally dying. gary taubes has done some credibility work in this area, then again so has dr. greger, the vegan guy. i'll just keep eating beans: low fat, low carb, low calorie, low salt, low sugar, high protein, high fiber. so, i guess there ya go, beans, consensus on one food at least. she doesn't talk about the difference between complex carbs (white rice, white flour) and plant-based carbs. her example of \"american chinese food\" is full of sugar, sodium and high fructose corn syrup. why can't she simply get her patients on a plant-based diet? low carb diets lower cholesterol but increases atherosclerosis of the coronary arteries http://nutritionfacts.org/video/low-carb-diets-and-coronary-blood-flow/ @trever bullok. +fuerimmerallein don't worry i'll prove you wrong after 4 when i'm out of work and i'm not replying on my cell phone @trever bullbut not 10.000 years ago! +fuerimmerallein yea they were able to store nuts, seeds, and grains like rice barely, tubers like potatoes, and legumes how may plants protect against diabetes? http://nutritionfacts.org/video/how-may-plants-protect-against-diabetes/ what causes diabetes?http://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-diabetes/ +eric k why because your jealous that someone could open there minds and change there beliefs that animals are needed in the human diet seeing as most that choose to exclude animal products from there diets were raised to believe that humans are omnivores. and might i add that most that choose to exclude animals do it for health reason. +trever bull eggs cause diabetes? how? this is why i don't take vegans like greger seriously. they have an agenda first. nutrition is not their main concern. a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial on the use of the\nturmeric pigment curcumin to prevent diabetes in prediabetics is\npublished with extraordinary results. http://nutritionfacts.org/video/turmeric-curcumin-for-prediabetes/ +eric k what do you think seeing as i keep telling you not to call me vegan and call me starchivore. i\"v told you a hundred times im not vegan, firstly i eat honey all the time that is made by bees so that is not vegan therefor my diet can not be vegan. @trever bull\nare you a vegan for health reasons or because you don't believe in using animals for food? +eric k im sure she is i just like sharing health tips its not about attacking you guy just get all defective because most of it contradicts your beliefs. +trever bull i'm sure dr. hallberg is pro-tumeric and pro-curcumin. keto on dudes x this woman is dangerous. i wonder if she thinks carb loading before a marathon is a myth.\nthere is no way to reverse diabetes on a high fat diet without a significant cut in the amount of calories which is just not sustainable long term.\nthere is a reason why marathon runners carb load before a competition. try to run long distance with 300 cal/day of carbs.\nthe fat you eat is the fat you wear. +eric k sure sure @paul .porras\ni am sure that people who eat a high-fat, low junk carb, low refined sugar diet, and who exercise, also have the lowest rates of t2 diabetes. chicken doesn't make you fat and doesn't make you diabetic, for goodness sake. +eric k check out the health adventist study. vegans had the lowest rates of diabetes...educate yourself +paul .porras thanks for the advise, but 99.5% of us do not run marathons or half-marathons, so we don't need to carb load.\nalso, i clicked on paul's name. what do you know. vegan alert! trevor bull you have the correct\nname.the good doctor is absolutely right in all she says. our brains primarily run on carbohydrates. it's been proven by many other sources that excess fat inhibits insulin function. the other function of insulin than fat storage is allowing sugar into cells, which reduces blood sugar. when excess fat gums up the works, insulin can't let sugar into cells, which causes high blood sugar.\nsee the work of dr. mcdougall, dr. essylsten, dr t colin campbell, etc... +relevantepsilon fast carbs are the cause of weight gain. glycogen stores are tiny and if exceeded all the excess gets turned into fat. high blood glucose is a life-threatening condition and your body will crash blood sugar, making you feel hungry and tired. this drives snacking. glycogen is stored in muscle cells and the liver. fat around muscle cells causes insuline resistance and fat in the liver causes fatty liver disease; two things diabetics have big problems with. @amber phua where does the fat come from?too many junk carbs and too much refined sugars. it doesn't come from eating too much fish, correct? +relevantepsilon so true. carbs are not the cause of insulin resistance. she needs to look at the cause first. rather than just starting with the premise that some ppl just happen to have diabetes. it's the fat that causes the insulin resistance in the first place. +relevantepsilon vegan alert! vegan alert! she said to replace carbs with fat for energy, and that people eat too many carbs because they are a dysfunctional form of energy. this is not the same thing as telling people to increase fat intake, or to only consume fat. in fact, if her theory is correct, people would actually eat less fat, because it is more sustaining than carbs.\ni would have liked to hear her discuss sugar in fruits and vegetables, but maybe that's what she meant by natural foods. either way, i think she is on the right path in that fat is a much better replacement for carbs for sustained energy in diabetics.\nit isn't fat or protein that make a person a type ii diabetic, it's sugar that makes a person type ii diabetic. people like me tend to have problems with carbohydrate-based sugar intake (i'd say it's an addiction with similar effects of alcohol but with candy, cake/bread, cookies, and any kind of sweets). this is the problem for me, so to cut those things out of my diet is the only way to address the problems they cause. if i never ate sugar or carbs and ended up with type ii diabetes, i'd probably say she's wrong, but this is simply not the reality of the disease. according to this talk, italy should be a cemetery... i tried to search any published research by this gal....was anyone able to find any? there is an easy way to gauge the sustainability of your diet. if you need to take supplements to get all your macro-nutrients, you're doing something wrong. if you get constipated you're doing something wrong... if you're breath stinks and you get constant cramps you're doing something wrong...\nall these are side effects of the atkins ketogenic diet. atkins died sick and fat from cardiovascular disease. he died a big fat liar.\ntim noakes the high fat and protein guru has type 2 diabetes and is on medication. ;) it's true that cutting carbs will get rid of blood sugar spikes; but then what are you left to eat? meat, cheese, eggs... basically, a lot of fatty foods. then you may not have diabetes symptoms anymore, but good luck with your heart attack or stroke. fat is the cause of many more problems than carbs. fruits and veggies are essential to good health. if you only ate that, you wouldn't have diabetes in the first place. wrong! there are healthy fates that are really good for heart health, like fatty fish, avocado, olive oil and chocolate. +chris r supplementing your advice: it also depends on the fruit. avocados good, avoid the banana. you're perpetuating bad scientific studies that have since been debunked. dietary cholesterol has virtually no impact on your serum cholesterol levels. guess what does? inflammation caused by? you guessed it: grains. educate yourselves, people. everything you think you know about nutrition is wrong. you said \"fat is the cause of many more problems than carbs. you couldn't be more wrong. however, some fats are best to stay away from, like veggie oils (which are extremely high in omega 6, throwing off our omega 3 to 6 ratio balance in a very unhealthy way, and they also tend to be processed at high heat, causing them to go rancid, which is toxic). fats from organically raised animals, olive oil, coconut oil, are all extremely healthy for you. however, fats from non-ogranically raised animals contain toxins, since all fat is like a sponge that soaks up bad toxins. it's not so cut and dry, but if people are willing to let go of old dogmas that were never based on properly conducted scientific studies (aka not the kind done by ancel keys, who manipulated data to push his agenda, which no one has been able to prove his results in recent years), and we're now realizing this whole \"fat is bad\" craze is so completely wrong, and is going to take a while to un-brainwash everyone from believing. know what's natural? fat. know what's not? grains, especially the way we process them and turn them from a complex carb to a simple sugar. like she said in the video, it's literally the only food group our bodies don't actually need us to consume to thrive and be healthy. @andrew m vegetables aren't essential sorry kenmore, your information is out of date. fat does not cause heart attacks - that's a myth. inflammation causes heart attacks. veggies are essential but fruit is not. they're fine in moderation but fruit still impacts blood sugar (not nearly as much as refined sugars but the effect is still there). despite her knowledge every person has a unique body type so the person need to find out which diet works for ownself. you can't apply same diet to every single human being. that's nonsense. we explain to you the exact system required to activate brown adipose\ntissue to begin controlling your blood sugar. ===== >>\nhttps://plus.google.com/u/0/b/104926207076995496453/104926207076995496453/posts you rock i have to amend my comment below for this reason. after three months i visited my doctor and my a1c went from 5.4 in three months to and incredible 8.9 following mcdougall's starch solution. that convinced me to change to the paleo diet where i am eating less than 4 percent carbs and more fat than protein. i eat two eggs and bacon for breakfast. for lunch i eat a spinach salad with seeds, tomatoes, cucumber, nuts, onions etc, and for supper it is\nsalmon, or chicken or steak or other meats and maybe add some shrimp. no carbs, i will let you know on april 4th how my a1c is.\ni rematched this video and now know i was wrong. type 2 diabetes is an inflammation disease and processed foods, carbs ( like grains, legumes etc) make inflammation worse. i do believe in healthy fat consumption. i would recommend reading evidence from dr mark hyman and dr. david ludwig who just published a book \"always hungry?\". i recommend reading about inflammation and low carb diets. i think between the government and the vested interests in food industry and big pharmacy. +laura stewart \"type 2 diabetes is an inflammation disease\" no it fucking isn't. its when the fat blocks the insulin receptors in cells stopping blood sugar from reaching your cells where its needed. causing it to sit in the bloodstream for extended periods of time. check your facts. she's crazy. get the fats,out! +leafyutube there are tons of evidence in the other direction too man. so which one is right? i have seen and read evidence of people cutting out fats altogether and going all plant based, not refined breads or sugars, i am talking whole plants and whole grains, and not only has diabetes gone away but they have reversed cardiovascular disease as shown on angiograms. hmmmm. so i ask again...which argument is right? i don't know who is right, but after being a medic for 15 years and seeing guys die from eating a super fatty western diet and not bringing anyone to the er from an overdose of kale...i am going to take a chance on eating tons of veggies and limiting fat and meat to very low numbers. everyone has to make a choice. i choose what i see with my own eyes. @steve millerthe fat \"on your organs and tissues\" is caused by lipogenesis promoted by excess insulin, which increases with refined carbs and added sugar, not dietary fat. plants are healthy, but dietary fat is also not the problem! fat on your organs and tissues causes insulin resistance. whole food plant based is the way to go. +steve miller : no, she is not crazy. there is tons of science showing processed carbs is the problem, not fat. +steve miller i went from 220 to 170 with quitting carbs. that's 50 pounds and now i maintain the lost weight easily for more than 6 years. carbs are killers. please, could anybody explain me what happen with cetosis if i drop all the carbs for diabetes ii? +victoria carrasco if you take 100% carbs out you will black out or possibly die. if you want a 0 carb intake that means you can't eat a single plant as every single one of them has carbs. eat greens and beans and exercise that's the cure. cinnamon is also proving to be highly beneficial (for insulin, triglycerides, ldl profiles) in clinical trials with type-2 diabetes people. this is the stupidest woman on the face of the planet 17;20 \"don't be fooled. there is a lot of money to be made in keeping you sick\". absolutely nailed it. sure, a type 2 diabetic can eat as much fat as they like... until they end up in ketoacidosis due to a severe overload of fatty acids.\noh and offering this as a cure is simply insulting. yeah, it's totally sustainable to eat this way for the rest of your life, taking hours to prepare food because there isn't a single low carb option.\noh plus the weight loss has gone just amazing. 6ft and 130lbs now, let's see how much thinner and sexier i can get. yes, i'm a bad boy. +pivotpro333\nso you have no idea what ketoacidosis really is? please look it up, i'll wait. if you decide to actually learn what it is for yourself rather than let your vegan high-priests tell you, you'd know how silly your post reads.\nyou are aware that you are severely under-weight, right? and all the scientific literature says you will die much sooner than someone who is over-weight. i'll wait for you to look that up too. seriously, have you read any scientific literature on your own, or do you just parrot what your high-priests tell you without question? her issues are she doesn't address saturated fats and cholesterol and what that does to your body over time, she doesn't differentiate between carbs we are eating, and the carbs we should be eating. she expresses interest that this lifestyle may reverse cancer, while there are other studies that show a health wfpb does reverse many types of cancer. she doesn't layout a guideline for what to eat. does she have a book with references to her sources? beating the adas guidelines is not too hard, they are pretty relaxed guidelines. +huai li thank you i have read through all the information. i would like to see a who chart for longevity with total total cholesterol levels of < 150, adjusted to levels prior to the date for individuals getting sick with caners etc), [ where ldl levels plummets for instance]. interesting to see that the lower ldl levels in individuals younger than 50 is associated with less deaths, and individuals greater than 50 there is a correlation with low ldl levels postulated to be based on their sickness, and not diet in the framingham studied referenced in the japan article. also interesting that the japan links summary is to reduce risk of stroke, seemingly a large killer for them, is to eat a whole foods plant based diet [wfpb]. on the who chart most industrialized nations appear to be at the bottom of the mortality curve with ldl from 200-240, however these are the nations that are being ravaged by heart disease, while other nations with ldl 150-200 are not, and instead getting killed by diseases the industrialized nations have overcome with postulated better standards of living. the who chart could benefit from a drill down for adjustments of which diseases are killing individuals in each nation, and there by individuals could focus on their country of residence to make the appropriate adjustments to give them the best chance of survival in the current environment for which they reside. @denierlexiese\nok, if you want to see, google:\ntotal cholesterol levels vs mortality data from 164 countries.\nalso google: japan the higher one's cholesterol, the greater one's longevity\nthe first 3 results have info i tried to link.\ni have a lot more, but since youtube isn't letting me link any, that will have to do. @denierlexiese\ndarn it. i see my posts with links, but i signed out of youtube and they can't be seen. youtube is weird. especially when i consider all the blatant spam posts all over. +huai li there are no links in any of your posts @denierlexiese\nyou will be able to tell me once you merely skim the links i gave you. until you can do that, i will know you haven't read anything and i'm wasting my time. how to become diabetic in six hours https://vimeo.com/14026182 @eric k\nno that's not your point, your point is to troll anyone that say to avoid animal products at all. example i am not vegan yet you still shout alerts at me. i am here purely to lead people to a healthy whole foods plant based diet that not one person on her can say is unhealthy for anyone. i am not here to promote veganism in anyway i do not advise anyone to eat any of the vegan foods like tofurky or any other vegan alternative just simply whole foods. @trever bullthe point of a vegan alert is to warn people not to take seriously the posts by the vegan because the vegan's main aim is not using animals for food. it has nothing to do with health. but phony health claims are made anyway. +eric k\nremember eric, you are the one trolling. not the one trolling a low-carb video that he disagrees with. not the guy trolling many low-carb videos he disagrees with. not the guy who has been trolling many low-carb videos for months, posting links nobody cares about because he disagrees with these videos. obviously, you are the troll and not him. :) @trever bull\nstarchivore alert! it's a superbly easy disease to reverse. pharmaceutical companies hate her. find out why! tim noakes the high fat and protein guru has type 2 diabetes and is on medication. i emailed him and made a video discussing this.\nlet's talk to dr barnard who practices responsible medicine. +kosher vegan dad he was diabetic before going on his diet. i believe he's also said he could probably go off medication but is ocd about having perfect blood sugar levels. +joe schmo some vegans converted for ethical reasons others for health reasons. what you put in your mouth will have the biggest effect on your health. @vegan dad\n\"a low fat diet with low fat milk and low fat chicken is not a vegan diet, and is also shit for health in my opinion.\"\nto my mind, the only, only, reason to be vegan, is for the moral philosophy, for the notion of \"speciesism.\" it's a compelling argument that many people acknowledge. as far as health? the vegan diet does not show itself to be superior. people have tried to be vegan for the last 80 years and, from what i can gather, the same mistakes keep being made, over and over, largely because people seem to think it is an automatic ticket to health and longevity.\nin fact, you have to really know what you are doing to be a life-long vegan. and, even then, it simply seems that some people's physiology cannot tolerate it and they will become sick, either relatively quickly, or gradually, over time.\nregarding the quote of yours above....low fat animal product is a really bad idea for health but really good for industrial profits (it adds shelf life to dairy). if people ate the animal product as was done historically, with normal levels of fat, we wouldn't see the health problems we see and the vegan diet wouldn't \"appear\" to be healthier.\nthe low fat diet (particularly when it involves animal product) is an industrialized nonsense. it is insulinogenic, obesogenic and carcinogenic.\nbtw, the sumo wrestler diet is a low fat, high protein, high carbohydrate diet. the modern industrialized diet is, essentially, a sumo wrestler diet. \"vegans and low fat proponents recommend a prudent, low fat diet. that makes them 100% establishment whether they like it or not.\na low fat diet with low fat milk and low fat chicken is not a vegan diet, and is also shit for health in my opinion.\nthe diet dr barnard advocates is different to the conventional advice given which includes animal products.\ni agree, most doctors know very little about nutrition.\nthere is nothing wrong with selling a book. dr barnard and dr mcdougall sell books. it's what is in the books that count. @eric k\nagreed. i tend to think it's more like 96% to 4% breakdown. in other words, we can't reasonably exercise more than 1 hour per day. that means what really matters is what is happening to the body for the other 23 hours.\nit's not about energy balance. it's about metabolic health. this is the big mistake (or big lie) the industrialists made.\ngary taubes is 100% correct. diabetes type 2 is not called carbohydrate toxicity. it is called lipo- toxicity. ie too much fat in the cells blocking insulin from doing its job. look it up bro. metformin and victoza work for me.\nbetter living through chemistry. watch this video on youtube and understand just one of the important reasons why starches are needed in the diet. the hungry microbiome: why resistant starch is good for you vegans who eat an unprocessed diet are slim and don't get diabetes, meat eaters do get diabetes. diabetes is caused by fat in and around the cells, its symptom is poor sugar control, its cause is fat. why does dr sarah hallberg not know this? i am shocked by her ignorance, she is dangerous. angela lynch please literate yourself about keto diet and it's benefits she is absolutely correct, i have been using low carb in my practice, ignored the ada guidelines and i have many patients lose over 100 pounds, with reduction not only in hemoglobin a1c but reduction in ldl cholesterol. there are no blood sugar spikes if you dont eat glucose.....\nthere is no insulin needed, insulin resistance is irrelevant if you dont eat glucose\nyou can keep producing glucose in the liver via glucogenolisis, gluconeogenesis, fatty acid beta oxidation\nthe brain can survive using ketone bodies after 4 weeks of adaptation.\nfat does not mix with fucking water it cannot be transported in blood in high amounts without a binding molecule (like a soap) (low density lypoprotein aka ldl aka bad cholesterol) (dont believe me? try to mix butter or oil with water and fail)\nintramyocellular fat lipids probably come from de novo lipogenesis rather than fat ingestion which, no shit, needs glucose.\ninsulin is the answer and this video is 100% right. angela lynch ... totally uneducated statement from you. dr sarah is educated and knowledgable! you could learn something, so perhaps listen to her. i have plenty of fat, diabetic vegan patients, one of them a fellow physician who remains vegan for philosophy. do a google search on ryan magic plan if you wish to know more fake and gay lots of good information! i have lost weight eating this way.\nalthough i think the biggest issue is sugar not necessarily the general group of carbs. veggies are carbs, and we want to be eating tons of vegetables. and fruit in moderation is healthy too!\nalso, there is a huge difference between bad and good fats though. good fats- avacado, lots of nuts, and a little bit of extra virgin olive oil and coconut oil. she should have specified the difference between heatedly and unhealthy fats.\notherwise good video! i have adopted this form of diet since i was diagnosed in 2011. unfortunately, i require both this diet, insulin, and oral medication in order to control my sugars. my carb intake is probably less than 20 per day; carbs from foods like tomatoes and the like. i 100% agree with her talk in that it truly does help reduce people's diabetic symptoms and can effectively \"reverse\" diabetes in the sense that with the lifestyle change, they'll not need those medications. there are a group of us, however, who do require both medication and this low/no-carb lifestyle. that being said, if i didn't adopt this lifestyle, i'd definitely be dead right now.\nthank you for this talk, dr. hallberg. i hope this message spreads further so that the common place is a carb-free lifestyle. and thank you uploader for uploading this video. @masael255\ndid you get my message @masael255\ncan you do me a favor and keep track of what you eat tomorrow. i want to know what your typical day. the rough weight of the item you eat like chicken, cheese, and volume of fluids, and the name and size of any packaged item you eat. @masael255\nalways glad to help someone get there health back. i know how it feels to be lost in the stores on whats truly healthy. +trever bull hahaha no worries! appreciate it. :) @masael255\ni'll send them to you in a message not going to dig them up right now its 1:30 am ill have them to you some time tomorrow. i need to know how many people here have degrees in food science or who are doctors? how many people don't lead such active life styles.? i really can't believe that this guy actually sat here and said that he was eating a bowl of rice and maple syrup.(he neglected to say how many miles he rides a day) i challenge all these people who say i can eat what i want and i don't have diabetes, try being sedimentary for 6 months to a year, some people are not as active as some of you. i got here because i'm in heart failure. i here and i'm trying not to be here. i'll give it a try. hey tedx is free get your own blog and stop bashing people. +joel shaw i lost 80lbs in 8 months on starch based 80/10/10 with zero exercise, the simple facts is all fats/oils are 9 calories per gram and carbs are 4, so by going low fat high whole food carbs you get to cut your calorie intake while increasing your portion size. it drives me crazy when people say \"literally\" when they mean \"figuratively\". it makes me think they're not smart. if you were \"literally\" busting at the seams, you would die. right then. not from diabetes. i tried vegan for years. i was always hungry. i'm pretty sure i'm insulin resistant. it wasn't until i started this diet (also known as a ketogenic diet) that i felt in control for a long time. if your not insulin resistant you won't get it. 7 weeks lost 20 lbs and was never hungry. i feel great now. everybody is very different...do what work for you. @jackie garlinghouse\nwell good luck lol, i was a big mcdougall follower. i followed low fat high carb healthy to the tee. i didn't touch \"vegan junk food\". i have all his wife cookbooks, did the happy herbivore (have 2 of her cookbooks) and followed engine two. i take this stuff seriously, so you are assuming you know me. i followed it to a tee. i am extremely hypoglycimic, dieted for years, and failed. ketogenic works for me. it's not for everyone, but people with blood sugar issues, it works great for. i\"m glad you can go the other way, but people are different. +jackie garlinghouse a vegan diet does not mean healthy diet loads of junk foods are vegan, oreo's are vegan, and most people that try a vegan diets just don't understand how to eat healthy and most of them do under eat. this woman is talking like she watches tv 18 hours a day, especially commercials ! what an annoying voice ! she acts like shes talking to a bunch of little kids instead of intelligent adults, which maybe she is, as dumbed down as so many americans are nowadays ! lol ! too much fat is definitely not healthy, in the long run especially ! but neither is too much carbohydrates or too much protein or too much anything for that matter ! it largely depends on the individual ! she said low carb but didnt say low simple carbs like she should have ! maybe complex carbs should be low too but simple carbs are far worse for diabetes than complex carbs ! and too much fat, especially in the long run will definitely have harmful effects ! i was a bit shocked that she would say to eat a high fat diet ! definitely do not believe such utter bullshit ! too much fat is commonly know to be harmful, even extremely harmful in the long run to ones health ! what a stupid thing to tell people ! and shes a doctor ? ! ! be careful of the high fat bullshit ! but yes, of course one must cut way back on simple carbs and maybe also on complex carbs, not sure about those yet ! for the best knowledge about diet and health its best to study good quality books on ayurveda, such as by dr. david frawley, dr. vasant lad, dr. robert svaboda, dr. ballentine, etc. as well as books by dr. gabriel cousins ! these are all excellent doctors who have written great books ! +samadhi108 siddha yoga\ni did a search of dr. gabriel cousins. he's a vegan. i assume all the others mentioned are vegans. so this poster is not anit-fat. the poster is anti-using animals for food.\nso once again - vegan alert! vegan alert! it's interestingthat i see no allopathicdr.s ever talking about or knowing the fact thatreal carbs from realfoods, along withthe micronutrients of fruits and veggies,get rid ofdiabetes-sometimespeople eat many hundredsof carbs daily. the sad diet is packed with dead carbs devoid of enzymes. i wish the 'diabetes educators' in this country were forced to study nutrition-they know nothing and i was very misinformed for years. i have watched so many people get sick and fat on atkins and many other, 'better' low carb diets. a carb is not a carb. high carb fruits and vegetables, nutand seedsare on this planet for a reason, and the healthiest, most flat-stomached, youthful, energeticpeople i've ever met live on them and have excellent bloodwork! i recommend people to look around at those who appear healthy and ask them what they eat. hfcs and white sugar are the main cause of diabetes, there is, i believe from my personal experience, no safe amount of these. i had prediabetes until i removed them from my diet completely. thanks for this video. i quit grains over two years ago and feel much better. i am not diabetic and plan to never be! i wish more people would increase fat and decrease sugar and carbs and get exercise. dr. hallberg, the type 2 diabetes can be healed from the disease permanently even they got it from their parents? i ask this question because i have been told that the disease cannot be healed but controle. are you telling you can heale it? i noted it that being fat has nothing to do with diabetes sometime, because some people have athletic body and they still have the disease from their parents (they were born with the disease) they are fit and thin, not fat...??// can you please explain abit about it? this is.. oh god it's so wrong. do not ever get rid of carbs. they are your first source of energy. and you need them so your blood sugar doesn't go low. if you want to cut down that's ok. but don't cut them out i agree wholeheartedly that you need carbs, and keep getting, 'carb shamed' by people misinformed by so-called 'diabetes educators!! m.d.s learn almost nothing about nutrition and keep treating all carbs the same--so ignorant of them, and dangerous for people to think this! one source of proof of this being untrue is fullyrawkristina's videos. she cured her prediabetes by eating a very balanced raw vegan diet, has outstanding bloodwork-verified on video, and eats a lot of fructose daily. she runs 6 miles daily and has unending energy.hfcs and white sugar should come with warning label,but real carbs are the source of life! +allison barnthouse 11:07. she says low carb, not zero carb. so what is your issue? great! super informative. i had to scroll down into the comments, her constant bobble-head movement tic and hip hop ab crunching kept distracting me from what she was trying to say. all well and good but the vast majority of people will not stay on a super low carb diet. also, there are plenty of studies indicating high fat diet leads to other health issues. also, the body utilizes about 180 grams of carbs/glucose a day. yes, we can make glucose through gluconeogenesis but there is nothing wrong with a carb neutral diet even for someone with diabetes.\nand while, yes, a very low carb diet will help a diabetic patient reduce the need for medication, the doctor completely ignored the need for increased human activity/exercise in her discussion....not a single word! increased activity decreases blood glucose by increasing glucose uptake into muscles. even a 30 minute walk after a meal helps prevent sugar spikes. also, adipose tissue is less sensitive to insulin so weight reduction is a huge benefit in most individuals.\nthe major problem in the us is not specifically carb intake. it is meal size. we eat huge meals these days. since the 1960/70, plate size/food portions have increase by about 40% in the us. we've gone from a 10\" plate to almost a 14\" plate size....and even then we pile it on. and this is not big pharma trying to steal your money by adjusting the guidelines to their favor. instead, the diabetes problem is because people don't do what is needed to prevent the disease or do what is necessary to limit the disease. we all know we should eat right and exercise.....yet most don't do it.....so don't go blaming big pharma because you didn't do what you were supposed to do in the first place.\nso, while the good doctor's idea of a very low carb diet does work (although i really dislike the high fat meals as it can lead to other health issues), the issue is that most american's simply will not stick with such a diet over the long term. this can be used initially to lose weight (with exercise) and possibly reduce the need for medication. however, decreasing portion size, eating a moderate carb diet, and moderate exercise/activity work better for most individuals in the long term.\nregardless of what method you chose, you have a disease that you have to work on. meds won't solve everything. you need to take the initiative to make lifestyle changes and stick with them. reduce food portion size, limit carbs (especially simple carbs) but don't go overboard, and get off your butt and do a little exercise. +dbreardon lose your fingers, toes and eye sight or stay on low carb? and people say fast carbs aren't as addictive as heroin. +huai li\ni can see your cynicism is increasing. and i don't blame you. did you know that there is a lab mouse that is specially bred to develop metabolic disease if fed a \"high saturated fat diet\" (whatever that means as such things have never been meaningfully defined in rodents or humans)? >>actually, what it means is that it is \"high saturated fat\" compared to the other diet typically fed in such studies - \"low saturated fat.\"<<\nbasically, there are two types of \"rat chow\" that are industrially produced for the exact purpose of these type of experiments . and the mice are also industrially produced for the purposes of these experiments. (how convenient, right?)\nand, as already mentioned, there is a specific type of lab mouse, c57bl/6j, that is bred to easily become diabetic if fed a high saturated fat. saturated fat is their \"kryptonite.\" in other words, c57s or black sixes have been bred to conform to the paradigm that saturated fat causes heart disease (and cancer) in humans.\ndon't you love this stuff? and it's been going on for 50 years as if it's all legitimate. nutrition science at work. as done by the rich and powerful (processed food companies). @huai liback to steve jobs. his case proves that being a vegan makes you rich and successful. at least by your logic. also if we follow your logic low-carb makes you fat and increases your risk of being asian. of course that's nonsense. just like your other arguments.\n30% carbs is low-carb just like how 30% fat is low-fat in the study you referenced. double standards, much? is that how you play? cherry pick flawed studies and then criticize other studies for not meeting your \"high standards\".\nyou're right. observational studies don't prove causation. them being low-carb had nothing to do with their increased risk of cancer and death. god just hates low-carbers. that must be it. he hates them so much that he gives them cancer and sends them to an early grave despite their clearly healthier diet. whereas steve jobs your n=1 does count. the other way around, meh, not so much.\nyes, the majority of scientists and doctors are wrong. low-carb is the way to go. buy my book. pay for a subscription to dietdoctor, buy jimmy moore's supplements. buy dr. atkins' and dr. westman's supplements.\nhttp://low-carb-support.com/vitamins-supplements-for-atkins-diet/\nthat's the way to go. also send money to my house. i will pray for you and make sure god doesn't strike you down the way he does those other low-carbers. since divine intervention is the only thing coming between low-carb diets and longevity. such a healthy diet and yet they die so much younger. screw god. why won't he just accept your movement. so frustrating. @huai lilet's see, studies referenced vegan = 5, low carb is = 0. death from cancer recorded vegan = 1 low-carb = 5780. by your logic you're 5780 times as likely to die from cancer on a low-carb diet than on a vegan diet. since you just look at individual cases and ignore total cancer risk.\nhigh-cholesterol increases the risk of prostate and breast cancer. saturated fat and dietary cholesterol raise serum cholesterol. makes sense so far, right? so the next two studies don't quantify the diets at all. one is \"high protein\" and the other is \"low-carb\" even though it says low-carb is 30% carbs. so you show me vegans can't read. the third and fourth studies say outright that they are observational studies, and therefore cannot measure causation.\nnow the real question: can vegans read? nothing here was about real low-carb or high fat diets except maybe the n=1 case study that we only have the word of the patient. even then, causality is not established.\ni should not be surprised. no vegan has ever shown the ability to read scientific literature, let alone interpret the strength or credibility of scientific literature. science will always be some strange, magical field that vegans can never understand. only their leaders can read and interpret these magical texts.\nin the past, people weren't allowed to read because it let their overlords keep them under control. no wonder vegan leaders never teach their followers how to read or understand scientific literature. they need people they can control. that's why indoctrination, not education, is the goal of the vegan guru. funny, i've learned so much from every low-carb doctor or scientist because they know once people can read and understand for themselves, they will come to the truth naturally. vegans don't educate, they tell you what's what and hope you never actually learn to read. i know who i trust more. effective natural remedies, prevention, lifestyle changes and diet for diabetes 100% scientifically-proven way to erase diabetes in 3 weeks! https://t.co/vickihextq +denny cote bs this idiot is basically referring to a ketogenic diet. i'll stay plant based ooohhh!! so that's why so many asians have diabetes! oh wait... they eat high carb low fat. +trever bull the inuits. yet they have a higher chance of diabetes and gestational cancers. @eric k\nshow me a population that was large, healthy, and successful that got the majority of there calories from animal. eating an animal rich diet just are not an economically good idea as it take lots of food and water to grow an animal. most cultures that ate more animal did so only because it was there only way of getting any food like alaskans or because there was an easy plentiful sores, they did not mass produce it. one thing for sure is no culture has ever been raised on genetically modified, stuffed with hormones, pesticide-laden, bursting with infections, and pumped full of antibiotic meat. that's just as far back as i can go and get actual numbers of average consumption. i can get plenty of info that dates further back but it doesn't give weight consumed just percentage of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins like if there diet was 90% carbs. @trever bull\nchina was eating nothing in 1960. 30 million starved to death thanks to mao and the communists. the only thing they had to eat was rice. learn your history before posting. 06:03 'diabetes is a state of carbohydrate toxicity, we can't get the blood sugar into the cells... insulin resistance is a state of carbohydrate intolerance'\n*wow, just wow. sarah hallberg, you are f*cking stupid. carbohydrates increase insulin sensitivity, fat causes insulin-resistance, especially saturated fat, by blocking the action of insulin on the cell*. @eric k well, at least you acknowledge that much. you've still made some stupid assertions, but at least you've got some sense. that's all very nice, but 98% of us do not want to live our lives as vegans, because it just sucks. so the best idea is to eat a plant-based diet, but also eat animal fats. not every day, but often enough. and you will have fewer vitamin deficiencies. and you will have a smill on your face because nothing tastes better than grilled steak. +eric k i've gone to the actual guidelines\nhttps://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015-scientific-report/pdfs/scientific-report-of-the-2015-dietary-guidelines-advisory-committee.pdf\nhere we go: (pg.244)\n'randomized dietary intervention studies have demonstrated that healthy dietary patterns exert clinically meaningful impact on cardiovascular risk factors, including blood lipids and blood pressure. additionally, research that includes specific nutrients in their description of dietary patterns indicate that patterns that are lower in saturated fat, cholesterol, and sodium and richer in fiber, potassium, and unsaturated fats are beneficial for reducing cardiovascular disease risk . dgac grade: strong'\nas a bonus, on page 386:\n'baroni et al. examined vegan, vegetarian, and omnivorous diets, both organically and conventionally grown, and found that the organically grown vegan diet had the most potential health benefits '\nthe choose my plate.gov opinion on this (basically a q&a on the dietary guidelines):\nhttps://www.choosemyplate.gov/2015-2020-dietary-guidelines-answers-your-questions\n' do i still need to watch my cholesterol intake ?\nwhile adequate evidence is not available for a quantitative limit for dietary cholesterol in the 2015-2020 dietary guidelines, cholesterol is still important to consider when building a healthy eating style. in fact, the dietary guidelines states that people should eat as little dietary cholesterol as possible .\nin general, foods that are higher in dietary cholesterol, such as fatty meats and high-fat dairy products, are also higher in saturated fats (which should be limited to 10% of total calories per day). the primary healthy eating style described in the dietary guidelines is limited in saturated fats, and thus, dietary cholesterol (about 100-300 mg across the various calorie levels).' +eric k mr.troll what makes you think she's vegan or are you just making things up again like hallberg. @scut farkus\nthird wave radical feminist? bwahahahahahahahah! can someone explain how eating a carbohydrate like potato can make you\nfat. in order for you to do de novo lipogenesis you have to over consume\ncalories. the simple fact is we don't gain weight if we don't exceed\nour maximum calorie allowance. for someone like my self 6' male that's\naround 2400 depending on calorie burn during your daily\nactivities.\nnow lets look at skinless chicken breast roasted, there's 745.19\ncalories per pound 2.4 calories per gram. so that means if you were to\nonly eat chicken you would only get to eat 3.1lbs before you start\nstoring more fat then your body can use. unlike carbohydrates fat does\nnot have to go through a conversion process to become fat so the body is\neasily able to store it as fat. but eating this wouldn't be hallbergs\ndiet because she recommends eat at least 70% of your calories in fat,\nthis chicken is only 20% fat and 80% protein, so lets look at a fatter\nmeat.\ni use sausage as an example because cheese and butter are the only other\nthings i can find that are at least 70% fat because hallberg requires\nyou eat 10</70=>/20< diet. pork sausage is 75-80% fat and\n24-18% protein and 3.4-4 calories per gram. sausage is 1320 calories per\npound or 3.4 calories per gram. so if that was the only thing you at\nall day you would get to only eat 1.5 lbs or 1.5 packs bob evans\noriginal pork\nsausage.\ni use potatoes as an example because they are high carb low fat in side\nthe 80/10/10 at 92/1/7. its 422 calories per pound of potatoes or 0.93\ncalories per gram so you get to eat 5.5 pounds of potatoes before you\nhit 2,333 calories.\nbut also carbs don't just store as fat they have to be converted through\nde novo lipogenesis which actually uses some of the carb calories it's\nconverting to fat. so say i ate 7.5 lbs that 2 extra lbs or that's only\n822 extra calories but only 563 calories get converted into fat equaling\n63 grams of fat added to the body. where as with a 10/70/20 diet if you\nover eat buy just 1lb you gain an extra 1320 calories or 147 grams or\n0.32 lbs of fat stored on the body. as an added bonus, if you follow her, you'll end up for dialysis! just found out today my stepsister krystal age 29 has gallstones which is funny because back in june she had started dieting doing weight watchers low carb approach. not only that but my sister natasha at age 30 almost 2 years ago also\ngot her gallbladder removed because of cholesterol gallstones.\nthere are two main types of gallstones: cholesterol gallstones - these may form if there is too much cholesterol in the bile? they are the main type of gallstones in the uk and the usa.\npigment gallstones - these form when the bile has too much bilirubin. they are\nmore common among patients who have liver disease, infected bile tubes or blood disorders, such as sickle-cell anemia. obesity is our own problem. dr hallberg should not make excuses for fat people. there is a big need to get off your fat butt and work out. cut down on food intake. don't blame others for your own problem. +ambassador489 ya stop making excuses and eat your veggies lol ugh! when are people going to realize that one diet does not fit all. i need to eat animal protein and fat, if not i'll just get sick. then i know of people who seriously aye a vegan dowry and almost died - they were under nourished. them i know people who cannot process meats, like my daughter and many of my friends. everyone should read the book the diet cult, and get off their high horses. be understanding, and kind to other people's needs. what this doctor talks about is exactly me, and i know that it won't work for other people. i'm not a carnivore, but an omnivore. i'll be darned if anyone judges me because i want to live abd survive, by eating something i really need; meats and fats, among other things. research, and do what's best for your body +highlander a vegan diet does not mean a healthy diet oreos, doritos, red bull, chips ...etc are all vegan foods. plus if you are eating a truly healthy whole foods diet you have to eat lots of food around 5lbs because whole foods aren't very calorie dense. veganism is a moral movement not a health movement. with what claws fangs and speed did we devolop these big glucose burning brains on? did we eat nuts and seeds by the pound? doubt it. dietary sugar paired with its natural fiber in whole form does not unnaturally spike blood sugar. sugar adding refined sugar is bad but refined oil is just as responsible . probubly worse since it carries endothelial destruction with it. unless of course you get it with omega threes. drop all the processed bullshit and cut way back on your weiners and eat like a human! high fiber ,easy digesting plant food mostly. you do not have to hug a tree and save a pig just do nott be a fucking dick and make everyone else pay for your shitty habbits.... oh and milk is for babies. this whole humans do not need sugar shit is horse shit. their is a reason we like it so much. it is our survival insticts. bright color..... fruits, veg, and such. you do not walk up to road kill licking your chops. even the meat you brag about is seasoned wth sugar filled dressings and spices to make it edible. use meat as a garnish if you have to have it till you grow up and can actually do the moderation thing because that was never an option wich led to the diabetes in the first place. @eric k see once again you were wrong and that's why nobody should listen to low carbers you guys don't even know the definition of words that you use. not vegan bro sorry. i live where food is made . i see the polution produced by these industries. i lived how fucked up the farming subsidies fuck up freemarkets. i have taken control of my declining health over the past few years and helped a few people around me do the same. i dont need a label to defend the right choice . i also am not throughing my uggs away any time soon its cold here bruh! i have strong opinions on most subjects and all well informed. then why do you shout vegan alert on me all the time. so just because someone watches vegan videos that makes them vegan. i watch shit loads of vegan videos and yes i support what they are doing with trying to end the suffering of animal, but i am not a vegan. as i have told you before i have chickens but just because members of my family wont completely stop and i want them to have the least toxic animal product they can get.\nso again i ask how do you know she is vegan? @trever bull\nvegan alerts are issued after i click on the person's name and find evidence. no evidence, no vegan alert. @eric k\nagain you do not know if she is vegan, for all you know she is sitting in a leather chair wearing fur uggs eating plant based. veganism is a moral stance, where as 80/10/10, starchivore, or plant based are all health choices. why is low carb not the norm? what is she talking about? the low carb phenomenon is everywhere! everybody is trying to do low carb and failing (because its not enjoyable or sustainable) and trying to do it again and again, yogoing their weight constantly. +jeenjeanjeen\nah, that's why several recent studies have come out showing that low-carb is superior to every other diet for both fat-loss and long-term success. everyone is having success beyond what is seen on low-fat diets (with a failure rate of 95% or higher, not a difficult task). and every long-term study shows low-carb is better for maintaining the fat-loss.\noh, you're one of those silly vegans? you know, the group that is hemorrhaging membership left and right because it's neither enjoyable, sustainable, and adversely affects the health of many? of course logic and facts escape you: logic and facts are scary to vegans because once vegans become acquainted with either one, they will no longer be vegan. +jeenjeanjeen the reason why most \"low carb\" aficionados tend to fail is because the still maintain that \"polar mentality. carbs = bad, all else good. this is not true. it is the striking point of balance. in most cases in the u.s. carbs are bad. therefore, a larger portion of a persons diet needs to be anything else but carb. low carbing is like watching you finances. if you have 100 to 130 gms of carb per day to ingest, be efficient about it. put the damn chocolate bar down. use your carb allocation on something more enjoyable. the speaker here is spot on. our american diet, both ratios of foods types and proportions are whats killing us. +jeenjeanjeen vegan alert! vegan alert! yeah, like a vegan diet is enjoyable and sustainable. give me a break! fat is inflammatory to the body, even too much \"good\" fats. does she address at all why people become insulin resistant? and how do people feel after eating american chinese food is her best example of how rice us bad? oh fuck her. http://nutritionfacts.org/video/if-white-rice-is-linked-to-diabetes-what-about-china/\nadding tuna to a serving of potatoes almost doubles the insulin response compared to eating potatoes alone. the more meat you add, the higher the insulin surge.\nover the past 20 years in china, vegetable oil use has increased 20%, meat consumption has gone up 40%, and rice consumption has decreased 30%, all while diabetes went up and up.\nwhile it's true that the chinese people have always \"eaten meat,\" they never had the money to eat it in great quantities, until recently. our closest ape relatives eat 2-3% meat, equivalent to about 1 hamburger a week for a person. +eric k\nyeah except that whole bit where wool is my favourite insulator with down a close second, leather my favourite material for boots, and coyote fur makes done damn nice trim. yep, hard core vegan over here. *eye roll*\ni have no issue with people eating meat. it's tasty and convenient, i get it. but i do have an issue with people spreading misinformation about the non-existent health advantage of a meat-based diet for humans. we're apes. we've adapted the ability to live on just about anything, but there's a difference between surviving and thriving. i prefer to thrive. i care not one iota what you do to your body. @eric k\njust being his normal 12 year old self just trolling +mercedes schrodinger vegan alert! vegan alert! +mercedes schrodinger wow it let you link a video its iv never seen it let anyone so sad lol was mainly talking about how she science failed, although this video is old and maybe she understands diabetes better now. +mrdeclan777 not another one! vegan alert! vegan alert! she reasons that we can make our own \"carbs\" through gluconeogenesis. so why doesn't she reason we can make our own fat through de novo lipogenesis? why doesn't she reason we can make our own protein using amino acids? if she seems \"brilliant\" to you then you are probably very new to the nutrition debate. i am not a diabetic,but i decided to watch this anyway. sarah, i'm glad i watched this. i learned a lot, and you not only have me a new perspective on diabetes itself, but taught me about how eating a lot of carbs and and sugars can/does increase insulin levels, making you (me) hungrier more frequently. (and about fat free foods/diets) i am overweight and i feel like the information in this video will help me a lot when it comes to losing weight and preventing me from ever getting diabetes. (as far as i know), nobody in my family has ever had it, but the possibility, (due to me being overweight), is always in the back of my mind. i don't want it, and i think/know if i follow/use the information provided in this video, i will be able to lose weight, and prevent myself from ever getting diabetes. she is so so so wrong with the statement, \"insulin resistance is a state of carbohydrate toxicity.\" insulin resistance is a state of fat toxicity. diabetes is caused from the excess fat that we eat in our diet and that fat is then stored in our muscle tissue. fat then surrounds our cells and insulin cannot enter, due to the fat creating a barrier around our insulin cells. once we reduce our fat intake to 30 grams or less each day, we are now able to manage our diabetes. this is the process of going from insulin resistant to insulin sensitivity. take it from me... i am a type 1 diabetic and i was following dr. robert young's ph miracle diet, which is exactly what this woman is talking about- high fat and insanely low carb. i was on this diet for 4 months and although i was only taking 1-2 units of insulin per day, within in 2 months i literally felt like i was dying: i couldn't think straight, i couldn't exercise without feeling like i was going to pass out (and my blood sugar was always normal), i developed the worst food cravings, which quickly turned into an eating disorder of binging and purging (something i had never struggled with until i started starving myself of carbohydrates). overall, this approach works if you want to take just a tiny bit of insulin per day, but that is not natural. a normal pancreas produces 46 units of insulin per day, everyday. the key here is switching your diet to a high carb low fat vegan diet. the moment i transitioned to this diet, my blood sugar improved as well as my insulin sensitivity, and this way of eating literally healed my mind and emotions . my \"eating disorder\" completely vanished, i exercise/run miles several times a week, i'm loosing weight, and i have never been happier in my life. i can eat up 500g of carbs per day and take less than 30 units of insulin. fellow type 1's who have been eating this way for much longer than me, eat up to 650 grams carbohydrates per day and take around 20 units of insulin. this approach is amazing. check out dr. mcdougall, dr. neal barnard and dr. doug graham 80/10/10, all of who advocate a high carb, low fat vegan diet. this way of managing diabetes is truly magical... especially coming from someone like myself who has been on both sides. @eric k\nim not claiming to be perfect but i am going to give the honest truth of what is the best way to eat. lots of people are extremely sick and need to be extremely clean eating in order to get there health back under control. these types of diets just confuse people to much on what is healthy, and in the end they eat a high fat high carb diet that makes them sick. well, half a pack is better than two packs, isn't it? and let's not compare cigs to food. that's like telling a two pack a day smoker to smoke half a pack for better health it doesn't matter. only 1% or 2% can manage on a healthy vegan diet. you would be better of stressing more greens and less animal fats, rather than zero animal fats. someone wrote a book with that premise. this. all of this! yes! the low carb real food diet is the diet of a long, healthy, nourished, satisfied life. embrace unprocessed fat, saturated fat (fats high in saturated fat are very low in inflammatory omega 6s), and cholesterol (not available in any processed food ever). eschew man-made, toxic trans fats, sugar, grains, and acellular, processed foods made from refined carbohydrates. we were designed to eat the foods readily available to us by nature: meat, eggs, vegetables, fruit, coconut oil, butter, lard, etc. simply counting my carbohydrates everyday and avoiding processed oils brought me to the realization that there is literally nothing from a factory that i want or need to eat. this is not just the diet for diabetics. this is the diet for anyone who wants to lose weight, avoid diabetes, cancer, dementia, cardiac disease, hypertension, and fatty liver disease. i had a friend die from complications of diabetes and know many others suffering the long-term effects of this disease. i did what she recommended - cut out pasta, bread, rice, and desserts and have lost 25 lbs so far. also, my recall memory has improved significantly. when your drain is clogged, the plumber doesn't say \"the solution is to stop putting water in the sink.\" yeah sure, that will stop your sink from overflowing, but the real solution is obviously to unclog the drain.\nthe \"root cause\" is not the carbs, it's the insulin resistance, which is caused by fat.\nthe chinese have been eating white rice for thousands of years without a trace of obesity or diabetes, until they started eating more meat and junk foods. +crasch net\ntrever beat me to it. why do you think china \"just started\" testing for diabetes? because until recently, there was no need. now that they're consuming the standard american diet, they're getting the standard american diseases. it's not rocket science. @crasch net\nchina's rates are climbing because the increase consumption of processed foods and animal products. china's meat consumption has gone up from 3.8kg to 59.5kg per person in 1960-2012. a 15.7 x increase you can't tell me the people in the urban area didn't increase there intake. the processed foods and animal products play an equal role in making people obese and sick. +schr&#246;dinger&#39;s kitten\nactually, china&#39;s government just started to test for diabetes, and they are showing epidemic proportions of diabetes. especially in rural areas where they eat very little meat. +trever bull\nexactly. it's pretty much impossible not to get enough fat. if you're still alive and not anorexic, then you already have enough fat stores to last you a lifetime. the problem is in getting too much omega-6's relative to your omega-3's, which virtually every type of eater (omnivore/vegetarian/strict-vegetarian) tends to do if they aren't paying close attention.\ncorn has literally *the worst* ratio of any food, and guess what 70% of beef and chickens are fed in modern livestock production (the other 30% being the poop of other cows and chickens)? the ratio in the food's food becomes the ratio in your food. very few people eat enough fish to offset this ratio, and if they do they're exposing themselves to massive biomagnification of heavy metals and toxins.\ni'm not a strict-vegetarian because i care for the animals. i eat this way because the crazy f'd up stuff they do to the food chain these days is unbelievable. at least if i buy fruits and veggies and grains in their whole form, there's minimal opportunity for big agro to screw around with it. i'm not naive enough to think i'm 100% protected, but it's a lot safer than the alternative.\nall that being said, i did read an interesting study the other day comparing weight loss of people with insulin resistance vs insulin sensitivity on either lchf or hclf and basically ir+lchf = is+hclf in terms of weight loss, and is much higher than ir+hclf=is+lchf. see? science. those of us who actually do it are capable of altering our understanding when new evidence comes around. @rajeev samuel\nfirst off the only fats the human body requires are omega fats which are all plant fats. and we only require around 5% of our calorie intake to be omega fats, woman require a little more then men. by this argument every asian eating a traditional diet should have diabetes and be fat? i don't think so :-) eating a plantbased diet with a low fatcontent has shown better results than the recomended guidelines for people with diabetes. @jenny thanks. english is not my native language, sometimes i'm limited in my effort to explain. you said it very good :-) +crasch net the issue concerns much more than increased testing. the traditional diet relatively high in carbohydrate isn't the problem. urban areas of china are now consuming the western style diet heavier in fatty land animal products such as beef, pork, and eggs. they also eat junk foods made of refined grains with added fat and sugar and sugar-sweetened beverages. the modern foods are highly palatable, calorie dense, and readily available. they also displace to some extent healthier foods that were previously eaten, such as whole grains and beans the urban populations have a higher income which allows them to buy more food and food that is higher in the more expensive animal products.\nhttp://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2014-07/25/content_17927772.htm +malene jensen there are more cases of diabetes being reported since increase testing in asian countries. china, especially the urban areas, are reporting diabetes in epidemic proportions. every indian sure is lol +malene jensen\ni read the newspaper about asian live in usa get diabetes in higher rate, because asian food use a lot of sugar on many dishes compare to north american dishes, in na you eat deserts after dinner which is normal, asia we don't. but since asian live in na, they continue eating traditional asian dishes plus north american sugary deserts after which cause diabetic.\neast indian migrate to na, 90 % of them become diabetic, because in na sugar, butter, wheat are not so expensive, but they are very expensive in india, have you eaten east indian deserts? super sweet. they make a lot of sweets and eat a lot. so how does she want us to eat fabulous just fabulous !!! i love her grain brain! my best friend died on this stupid diet. this surely works but it is just a temporary solution for the problem. and by the way beef produces more insulin than pasta. it is very encouraging to see an md that understands the solution to diabetes and is not afraid to speak out about the conflicts of interest that exist in our \"modern\" treatment approaches. one minor criticism is that she is quite wrong about coconut flour. she should probably be recommending almond flour instead. coconut flour is almost as high carb as white or wheat flour. this misconception is pervasive and probably originates from the well known carbohydrate labeling error on all of the nutrition labels of bob's red mill coconut flour.\nthank you for posting this dr. hallberg!!! if what this person is saying is correct, why don't we have almost 2 billion morbidly obese asians on a carb (rice) based diet? i am confused :-( nobody said you were going to get fat from eating rice. what is being said here is that if you are pre-type 2 or type 2, stop eating rice because it raises blood sugar. big difference. they do now but we have chinese here in new zealand that came here in the mid 1800s to gold mine. their children, grand children, great grand children, all maintained a rice (starch, carb) diet and none of them ever get type 2 diabetes. now as soon as the current generation started adopting the standard western diet, they are now starting to get the same problems as all the rest of the population. same goes for our indian, samoan, maori, and fijian populations. all have photographic evidence of their population in the early 1900s and none of these were fat. not one, until the west invaded their culture with fat, daily, meat and massive amounts of protean.\nas for beef and broccoli, you need to read this. beef & broccoli\nposted on august 4, 2013 by dish with clarissa\namerican chinese cuisine refers to the style of food served by many chinese restaurants in the united states. this type of cooking typically caters to american tastes and differs significantly from homeland chinese cuisine.\ncontrary to popular belief \"chinese cuisine\" or specifically \"beef & broccoli\" origins are not from china. in fact if you were to go to china and show pictures of \"chinese food\" the people of china wouldn't recognize any of it. why? well it's not chinese, plain and simple. it is \"american chinese cuisine\" developed in the early 19th century.\nthe chinese in san francisco operated restaurants patronized mainly by chinese, while restaurants in smaller towns served what their customers requested, ranging from sandwiches and apple pie, and beans and eggs. smaller restaurants modified and developed american chinese cuisine to suit a more american palate. at first serving mainly miners and railroad workers, they established new eateries in towns where chinese food was completely unknown, adapting to not only local ingredients but to their customers' taste.\nref http://dishingitoutwithclarissa.com/2013/08/04/beef-broccoli/ +mralannz you think asians just eat rice for breakfast, lunch and dinner? maybe when mao was the great leader and that's all they had to eat. they eat tons of animal fat. ever hear of beef and broccoli? dr.sarah hallberg!! i want to give you a hug. i am fighting obesity, your talk was an eye opener for me. thanks a lot. greetings from india!! this talk changed my life! she is so right. get into ketosis in hours not days with ketopia. bren glaze can someone explain how eating a carbohydrate like potato can make you\nfat. in order for you to do de novo lipogenesis you have to over consume\ncalories by about 50%, so someone that should eat 2,333 calories would\nhave to eat 3,500 calories. if you were to eat only potatoes you would\nhave to eat over 8lbs of potatoes. its 422 calories per pound of\npotatoes or 0.93 calories per gram so you get to eat 5.5 pounds of\npotatoes before you hit 2,333 calories.\nnow lets look at skinless chicken breast roasted, there's 745.19\ncalories per pound 2.4 calories per gram. so that means if you were to\nonly eat chicken you would only get to eat 3.1lbs before you start\nstoring more fat then your body can use. unlike carbohydrates fat does\nnot have to go through a conversion process to become fat so the body is\neasily able to store it as fat. but eating this wouldn't be hallbergs\ndiet because she recommends eat at least 70% of your calories in fat,\nthis chicken is only 20% fat and 80% protein, so lets look at a fatter\nmeat.\npork sausage is 75-80% fat and 24-18% protein and 3.4-4 calories per\ngram. sausage is 1320 calories per pound or 3.4 calories per gram. so\nif that was the only thing you at all day you would get to only eat 1.5\nlbs or 1.5 packs bob evans original pork sausage. sorry but that does\nnot sound like a very filling diet to me. @trever bullso 100 grams from a white-flour bagel is the same as 100 grams from spinach? time to sound the alarm again. vegan alert! vegan alert! @eric k\nyes and they are all around 75% carbs, which you guys say high carbs are bad so eating too many plants is bad for you. you are so ignorant 100 grams of carbohydrates from greens or 100 grams from potatoes they both act the same they are both starch sugars. @trever bulli'm not. and neither is dr. hallberg. cut grains and cut refined sugar and limit fruit consumption. eat all the green veggies you want. and once you are no longer diabetic and your weight is correct, you can eat what you want (but minimize the junk). @eric k well seing as just about every plant is high carb as most plants are 60-90%calories from carbs except things like nuts and avocados. so you are literately telling people they cant eat lots of plants if there diabetic. wow. the worst possible information for health. \"we don't need carbs\". this is insane. we dont need carbs????? what is wrong with this lady? thanx for the compliment +swarup biswas click on this person's name. what you you find?\nfanatic vegan alert!!!! this is science... clarity! just fantastic dr sarah! congratulations! but what the hell do you eat? there's nothing to eat! @*****\nit's so funny that someone is 99% vegan. correct me if i'm wrong, but doesn't that mean they eat animal products? and by virtue of eating animal products, they are not vegan. unless you're going by another definition of vegan, in which case, sure, i guess i'm vegan too! i mean, i eat animal products, but not all the time, so i'm just as vegan as the okinawans.\nfunny how vegans are militant about how it's cruel and evil to eat animal products until they come across a healthy group of omnivores and suddenly it's ok to eat animal products. or did i read you wrong? even the most liberal researcher will point out the okinawans eat much more than 1% of their diet as animal products. the only study that claims to know what they ate is so bad and flawed, no real researcher would ever assume it was correct. we do know that when you interview the centenarians in okinawa today, they will tell you they always ate lots of pork belly, fish and eggs. strange how that doesn't matter to vegans when they state how incredibly healthy the okinawan people are. @*****\n\"dairy and animal products are a recipe for chronic disease\"...showed no clinical studies ever. who lives the longest in the world? every blue zone consists of omnivores. the people in greece, okinawa, italy, and every other blue zone eat animal products. whenever the oldest person in the world is interviewed, not a single one ever said \"i attribute my longevity and good health to being vegan,\" because none of them are vegan.\nthe only societies we know of in history that adopted a vegan diet? asian and european monks, because it killed their libido better than anything else they have ever tried. there are no reproducing societies in history that have been vegan. maybe that tells us something.\nhowever, as a medical student, i can quote many chapters in my textbooks which state that vegans need all kinds of extra special medical care because their diets are so bad and they have so many ailments compared to regular people. maybe that's why 2% of the us is vegan, while more than 10% is former vegan. those former vegans credit vegan diets with damaging their health, which is why they left the life-style. maybe less than 2% of the world identify as vegan, while no societies are vegan. maybe there's a reason for that. +de walker full fat dairy (heavy cream, butter, yogurt, full fat milk, etc), non-starchy veggies (spinach, kale, cabbage, broccoli, etc), beef, pork, chicken, nuts, avocados, seeds, coconut, olives, olive oil, coconut oil, vinegars, pickled foods, herbs, spices etc. it said cut carbs, not \"don't eat any carbs\". it's quite a lot of food. it's only when you try to go \"low-fat\" and \"low-carb\" that there's nothing to eat. not to mention the fact that fat makes you feel full pretty fast. only when you combine fat with carbs do most people over-eat. sounds like the adkins diet, works great for weight loss, but having done it for long periods of time it causes your skin to be very thin, if you just touch yourself you will get a scratch. sounds great to eat meat and cheese all the time but when you can't use steak sauce or ketchup because it has sugar in it it gets pretty bad, so eventually you don't even meat, just cheese, then you get sick of that and pretty soon you just don't eat. +hardheaduc what steak are you eating that you need sugar (ketchup or sauce)? i throw some season salt on a steak and it's delicious. are you just buying low-quality steak or bad cuts or what? you could always make a butter based sauce if you really needed one, but i personally don't want sauce on my steak. steak should taste like steak. you want to know how successful a diet is do a youtube search look up low carb transformations see what you find lol. then do a search for high carb transformations. i reversed my diabetes in a similar way. no more sticking the fingers. i can vouch for this theory. i challenge anyone who is overweight to try a ketogenic diet. you will find yourself losing your gut and hunger not being an issue in a couple days.\nketogenic diets are the only way i have ever been able to lose weight.\ni am fairly athletic (run 6 miles a weeks/ lift 3 days) and have no problem with energy levels. +spoo rin but what about the voiceless asparagus? jk. vegan is not for me. if i could, i would hunt my protein.\nif most people just skipped the bread, pasta, sugary drinks, cereals, etc... and ate what was left, they'd lose weight and not suffer the insulin spikes that cause them to feel hungry. the fact that this lady says to eat a high fat/low carb diet without telling people where to get these fats and what types of fat to eat is very concerning. maybe she is trying to draw more business to herself. people watching this are going to say great more bacon, steak and cheese for me! it's obvious why people would be ready to accept this so called solution. consuming an abundance of fat and everything that comes with that fat definitely has its' negative effects on the human body just like consuming an excess of anything else. also notice how this lady doesn't explain the different types of sugars and i'm sure her studies don't either. there is a big difference between simple/complex carbs and natural/synthetic carbs. bilingual diabetes resources available through a new text campaign.\ntext diabetes to 45356 bilingual diabetes resources available through a new text campaign.\ntext diabetes to 45356 she said food consists of only 3 things: carbs, protein, and fat. she's missing4 otherbig constituents of food: fiber, water, vitamins, and minerals.non-starchy vegetables, which are low in carbs, protein, and fat, but high in fiber, water,vitamins, and minerals, are really good for you. +bob crestwood she's talking macro nutrients. and she's correct. keto not only includes non-starchy veggies...it requiresthem for nutrients specific to those foods. maybe you're confused about what this diet is about , +bob crestwood she did a great job for being limited to 18 minutes.. she explains a lot more on her site fitteru . us as i agreed with almost everything dr. hallberg represents in this video. i have some concerns about cutting out carbs entirely. that is because i'm a type 2 patient that encounters hypoglycemia(low blood sugar). i've tried eating very minimal carbs daily and ended up in the hospital with what they can only explain as hypoglycemia from poor diet or that i have a reactive form of diabetes. reactive hypoglycemia and having low bouts of low blood sugar is very dangerous. you can end up in a diabetic coma or worse. i noticed that when i eat a lot of fatty foods, my blood sugar drops significantly, that is because imo, that my body was so used to pushing out insulin for high carb meals that it does that to meals without carbs, like fats or proteins. the liver plays a big role in releasing stored sugar as well. so when a liver is not functioning like it should due to a fatty liver(having too much fat/alcohol), sugar is not released by the liver to compensate for the low blood sugar for which the liver is supposed to help in hypoglycemic situations. i also forgot to mention that i don't take any medications including insulin or anything. i have been able to manage my blood sugar by just diet alone. major bs! +eric k debag alert! debag alert! +pete orcaholic fanatic vegan alert! fanatic vegan alert! in all fairness there is one more group of people that are openly disliked and that's the poor. or better yet, those getting any kind of help. be it wic, tanf or just food stamps. at least here in maine it is. if you are young with any of the 3 iisted, you are a lazy drug user who is a drain on the economy. if you are older with any kind of assistance than you failed in life and should deal with the consequences. from where i am standing it seems that fat and poor are taboo, and if you're both? it just makes you an easier target. so, fat (hdl/ldl cholesterol) is not a problem? thanks! this was new to me. have to google lchf to learn more about it. +torgeir molaug lchf corrects atherogenic dyslipidemia. a lower-carbohydrate, higher-fat diet reduces abdominal and intermuscular fat and increases insulin sensitivity in adults at risk of type 2 diabetes. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25527677 +oliver magoo thanks. just a couple of days ago, i learned about the randle cycle. and, learning about it made me remember the many references to dr. barnand's study. but my confidence kept me from thinking that that might be all there was to it, at least probably.\nbtw, the ironic way i found out about the randle cycle was because of the rather obxious commenter nigel kimbrum. he was arguing that my references were not scientific and that i should use instead, metabolism at a glance. well, i had bought that book many years ago. so, i used it to prove his argument wrong and to learn about the randle cycle. lol! +nate england i can't speak for him but it sounds like he's talking about the randle cycle or glucose fatty-acid cycle, which is completely normal physiology when it works right. diabetics tend to have increased intramyocellular lipids but is it a direct cause or a consequence of insulin resistance? i think it's a consequence. exercise has been shown to increase insulin sensitivity as well as intramyocellular lipids. it's known as the athlete's paradox. +oliver magoo thanks for the study oliver.\ndr. barnand has a study that supposedly shows that inter muscular fat causes insulin resistance. do you know what he claims are the metabolic steps that make that happen? i know i could watch some of his videos to see for myself, but i just can't. he just makes me a little crazy. thanks whole plant based diet and some meditation work wonders! it works for me. makes sense to me. the finger pricks prove it. it was pretty obvious even to me a newly diagnosed diabetes 2) person that eating the recommended diet was not controlling my blood glucose levels. (no worries we can put you on meds). even worse are the so-called \"diabetic' options for people on \"meals on wheels\" (home delivered meals supported by government funding in au). they still give you cake (albeit with diabetic jelly) and are likely to serve sweet potato and a regular potato in the one meal!!!! thank you! every comparison, every graph shows this low carb high fat to be the correct way to eat. whether you have diabetes or not! thank you! this bitch is sooooooooo wrong! can we all agree that the main reason these fuckers are reversing their diabetes and losing weight is because they're in a caloric deficit. not the carbs or fats being evil? heehhehee what? +comfortably convincing vegan alert! vegan alert! bravo!!! standing ovation!!! this woman is dead wrong. i eat a low fat plant based diet. i am perfectly healthy. i at 6'0 and only 130 lbs. i eat 2500-3500 calories each day and 90% of what i eat is carbs with 5%fats, and 5% protein. i am still very strong as i can do at least 15 pull-ups at a time and salsa dance on a regular basis. listen to the 100's of low fat plant based vegans online. the top doctors in the field also recommend high carbs. look up dr. greger and dr. esslestyn to start. do you have a source of these statistics? i find it hard to believe that 10% of the u.s. population ever considered themselves vegan. @trever bull i said the opposite...that you wouldn't support a plant-based diet if it also included some meat and/or eggs. plant based diet and vegan diet aren't synonymous. ..hence the term \"based\"...that's not an exclusionary word. @bloozedaddy can you please quote where i said meat was ok. i agree a vegan diet is not always mean ur healthy because a vegan diet let's you eat all the processed food you want. just deflecting...you obviously don't believe in a plant based diet if it also includes meat products...at least be intellectually honest. forest was wrong about the adventists when he claimed they were vegans...they aren't...and never were. the entire point of his posting are to promote veganism as the key to a long life. so the entire premise is false from the git go. he can't find a vegan society to promote the concept so he pretends a non-vegan society is one when they're not.\nas stated before...the mormons also have long life spans...aren't vegan..but they do avoid tobacco and alcohol...gee....there's a pattern here is there not ?????? @bloozedaddy@huai li\nfirst off the very first comment is @forest b. \"this woman is dead wrong. i eat a low fat plant based diet. \" so plant based so what me and forest b have been saying to eat the whole time. you guys are the ones that brought up vegan diet so your the ones making a straw-man argument.\nplant based means you get at least 90% of your calories from whole plant foods. there is not one study that shows any negative effect from eating beans, legumes, tubers, fruits, vegetables, or whole grains like barley, quinoa, or brown rice. i can show you hundreds of studies showing how different plants slowing and revers the progression of cancer.\non the other hand you have thousands of studies showing animals and free oils causing many of the top killer diseases in america. processed meats like bacon, sausage, and lunch meats are level 1 carcinogens and red meats are level 2a. free oil is a crap 0 nutrient processed crap food no better than white flower or table sugar. this fuckin' lady is an idiot solid proof that anyone can get a master's and then sell snake oil information on networks like ted.\ni implore anyone with diabetes to follow a dr. mcdougall starch-based diet go vegan. it will reverse diabetes, read dr. barnard, read dr. mcdougall, read the dr. esselsteyn. @dustin d i have never said her diet doesn't get weight loss. but its just that only a diet that gets short term goals. in the long run your doing more damage. a whole plants diet is a life style something you do for the rest of your life, for the most optimal health until the day you die.\n@huai li thats not what i asked for i asked for a study on a single ingredient like potato. i can give you a study on any animal product showing that everyone one of them are bad for you. show me a single study saying something like carbohydrates from potatoes increase risk of heart attack or cancer because of \"..............\".\ni typed \"vegans have higher risk for cancer\" in google every article that came up on the first page said vegan diet has lower cancer risk, like 3 of them included that vegetarian diet increases risk of colon cancer but thats because they have a huge addiction to dairy hens why they are only vegetarian. @trever bull\ni guess you haven't read t. colin campbell's \"china study\"? in there you will see that he proves beyond a reasonable doubt that vegans get more cancer and die earlier than meat eaters. oh, he doesn't state that, he lies. but the chair of health and nutrition at harvard looked at his raw numbers and saw that to be true. look up dr. hu and dr. walter willett's comments on it and you'll see that campbell proved that vegans aren't as healthy as omnivores, but since he's a religious zealot, not a scientist, he had to lie about his numbers and what they proved. @trever bull so, are you suggesting that she is a liar about the results she has seen with her patients? @dustin d\nso you have to be a doctor in order to know that eating fruits and vegetables is healthy?\n@huai li oh please even show me just one study that says vegans get more cancer. the reason why you can't refute anything he said is because he's right. vegan's have the lowest cancer risk of any diet and not a single study says otherwise.\n@blooze daddy show me a single study on on any whole foods plant starch like potatoes, that says they are bad for you. i can show loads of studies that says red meat, poultry, fish, dairy, etc... or any animal product is bad for our bodies. cutting carbs does not reduce insulin resistance. in fact, it makes the body more resistant to insulin due to increased intra-myocellular lipid (fat deposits in muscle tissue (dr neil barnard - pcrm.org). what this way of eating is actually doing is taking away the body's need to deal with carbohydrates, that is not the same thing as rendering the body better at metabolising them. it's basically like avoiding the problem rather than facing and resolving it. does this cause weight loss? sure! at least in the short term. is this healthy and sustainable? absolutely not!\nso what's the solution? like most things we need to do more of something to get better at it, not avoid it altogether! so a high carbohydrate, low fat diet is the healthy, sustainable way to not only reverse type 2 diabetes, but make us sensitive to insulin again. the more carbohydrates we eat the better we become at dealing with them which is what we want because they are healthy!! the body's preferred fuel source is carbohydrate, every cell in the human body runs off glucose. the muscles and liver store glycogen. not convinced? google \"type 2 diabetes intra-myocellular lipid\" and check out dr neil barnard's book called reversing type 2 diabetes.\nthis woman is being sincere but she is sincerely wrong. how did this idiot get on tedx?? @eric k\nwhen i say plant based im talking whole food plant based. the only way to eat a high fat plant based diet is getting most your calories from fatty plants like avocados and nuts, good luck with that. adding crap loads of free oils to your food is not good just like flower is not, they are both refined products. @trever bull\na plant based diet is a healthy diet. so is a diet that is 50% plant based and 50% healthy fats. @eric k\nwhy are you still even talking we have both already been over this 20x, you agree that a plant base diet is the healthiest diet. your problem is you just don't under stand how to cook plant based. so instead of learning a new better way of cooking that will keep you healthy the rest of your life. you are lazy so every time you have to get your weight back under control you do ketosis shutting off your bodies ability to store energy keeping you on the inevitable yoyo of low carb [{(\"diets\")}]. @adam francis\nyes, your site. www.pcrm.org *groundbreaking new research shows how to reverse type 2 diabetes in 3 weeks*\n*==>**https://plus.google.com/113799740384501411803/posts/iutuw73qlqn**>>>click it, hope it helps?* i'm researching this because my mom is diabetic, my aunt is diabetic (type ii) and i am in my 50's and slightly overweight - it's written in the stars for me... *the diabetes destroyer saved my iife! my health was getting worse and worse. and it seemed iike my diabetes medication wasn't doing anything. when my doctor started warning me about amputating my foot, i knew i had to make a change. that's when i found diabetes destroyer*. i foiiowed the 3 simple steps, and all of a sudden i had the energy i needed again. i went back to my doctor a few weeks iater, and he was shocked at how healthy i was. i haven't needed my diabetes medication for months! http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2716748/ this iz dum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol u eatz fat 2 lose fat???? dat maek no sense lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! preach!! thank you for sharing the truth. high fat low carb saved my life<3 vincent quack far out don't shoot the messenger! vincent the qualified professor - lol what works for me is calorie restriction. i am a55 year old women and i started keeping fat on after 35 and staying home with my baby. i found this so stressful that i ate till i was close to 200 lbs. at 5'3. years latter i found a book written by gov. huckabee of all people in the dollar store. he reversed his type 2 diabetes with losing weight and not eating afterat a certain time of day. i stop eating at 3:00 o'clock. in 3 months i was looking and most important feeling better. it's a daily fast for me that my doctor did not agree with. my numbers were in thepre-diabetes range and i did test and continue to test once in a while. of course my numbers are lowdoubledigit now for 10 years.i am feeling good and not over weight. i will and do eat a no no meal once in awhile. chinese is my favorite. i know my sugars are going to skyrocket after this meal but they calm down the next day because i compensate forthis. for me 1,200 calories a day to maintain.if i have to eat something at night, it's a carrot andsliced cucumber. this takes willpower out the whazoo, but itworks for me. over weight people need to cut down on the amount of food they eat. what's happened to us? grazing like cattle. i wanted to share this, but ask your doctor first. they will most likely advise against it like mine did. +cathy meyer good for you! intermittent fasting is great for increasing insulin sensitivity. it's much easier to do on low carb than high carb though, especially if you're insulin resistant to start with. wait! i just saw a ted talk that said exactly the reverse of what this woman is saying!!! help!! eat fat or eat cards?? wtf ted talk???\ni git diabetes. will you fing docs get yer heads together and agree?? +martin anaya i've been a diabetic for 50 years and have eaten both low fat and low carb. the low carb diet has saved my sight and, probably, my life. if i was you, i would listen to this lady, dr. hallberg. +eric k your just such a close minded person, there are so many different types of edible plants it the world you have flowers, seeds, tubers, fruits, veggies, and leafy greens that all have their own unique smells and flavors and you only want to talk about really low calorie food. one cup/91g of chopped broccoli is 31 calories you would have to eat 64.5 cups/12lbs of broccoli to reach 2000 calories a day. and for kale 1cup/130g is 36 calories so you would have to eat 55.5cups/16lbs, nobody would be able to eat what you think a plant based diet is. thats just for 200 calories i consume around 3000 a day. +martin anaya whatever you do, don't list to any vegan \"nutritionist.\" they have an agenda, which is the 100% elimination of using animals (including clams) for food. sure you can stop diabetes with a diet of kale and broccoli, but who can live like that? wow, this woman needs to get the science behind saturated fat and diabetes. scary person here and giving out tons of false information is downright criminal. she should be stopped before she kills too many people. @nate england\njust click on their names and you get to their google+ page. that's the give away. there is nothing on your page, so i can't give the vegan alert. +eric k thanks, i was wondering how you knew she, as well as others, were vegan. i guess i'm just an old luddite.\ni went down her face book page and she is anti olive oil. what? +eric k they can't leave well enough alone. all the data shows that low-carb is the best treatment for diabetics. however, that means people will be driven more towards animal products. vegans would rather more humans died to protect animals. +linda middlesworth i clicked on linda's name. no surprise. vegan alert! vegan alert! dumb crazy woman i have high blood sugars, and type 2 diabetes is not going to kill me. but i just have to eat right, and exercise, and lose weight, and watch what i eat, and i will be fine for the rest of my life. +jonathan guy looking at your a1c for starters. @nate englandhi, what ? no. how did you find out ? ok, i will. thx +jonathan guy hi, first, are you tom hanks using jonathan guy's name as a cover? my advise from having type 1 d for 50 years and being lchf for 11 years is to follow dr. hallberg's advice. high blood sugar damages every organ in the body. i'm not giving any advice to anyone, merely exposing my case and human point of view. what is your advice ? not the only way, not the best one, natural diet high carb is better and healthier just search \"rawvegan diabetes testimonial\" vs \"lowcarb diabetes testimonial\" in google (images), but is a good info, point us that diet is important, even there is another way (that i know) to reduce sugar, i have a friend that reduce sugar leves from 300 to 130 in 14 day with a vegan diet with a lot of potatos, sweet potato, yucca etc (cooked)\nno es la unica manera , no el mejor , la dieta natural de alta en carbohidratos es mejor y mas saludable simplemente buscar \" testimonio diabetes rawvegan \" vs \" diabetes testimonio lowcarb \" en google (imagenes ), (es obvio que una alimentacion mas apegada a tu fisiologia sea mas saludable) pero es una buena informacion , senalarnos que la dieta es importante, incluso hay otra manera (que yo sepa ) para reducir el azucar , tengo un amigo que reducen leves azucar 300-130 en 14 dias con una dieta vegana con un monton de patatas , batata , yuca , etc (cocidos ) @huai li\nyour talk from ignorance, i have more than 4 years 100% vegan 80% raw and my health is improve, that is a fact (no b12 supplements), my father take blood check every month, when the level get regulate the only change he does was food intake, there are different human groups with no meat on diet hare krishnas, jainism, some kinds of bhudism etc even low consumption of meat like macrobiotics (yin yang, the secret sociaty of yellow emperor) with century's on this kind of diet, the bible as historic data, has the fist study (that i know) on diet plant base with daniel, and the results confirm the facts experiment ,by my body, i am an sceptic, from my read i know you can live with high protein intake as some groups of skimals, they avoid to pass on rabit starving by eating a lot of raw fat, i know that the only approch confirm study to live longer (30%) is a calorie restriction, the raw food help you eat less, i know this by experience and is confirm by science, the process food take caloric in a reduce space as sugar, fat, droping fiber, minerals, so reduce the space it takes in stomach, so rawfood rawvegan reduce the caloric intake, so this support the benefits. +alberto sommerz\nso you found the cure for cancer! awesome. let's be sure to tell simpson's creator sam simon and apple founder steve jobs! this news will be very useful to them...oh wait. they were both hardcore vegans/raw foodists and both died of cancer. many vegans die of heart disease and cancer. in fact, if you study the work of t. colin campbell, you will see \"the china study\" proves that vegans are more likely to die from cancer (especially colon cancer), heart disease, stroke, and all-cause mortality. at least, that's what the two leading harvard professors of health and nutrition said after they looked at campbell's raw data.\nsee, the vegans you mention aren't driven by science. they are driven by religion. their religion is that meat is murder. so they ignore the data and the science if it doesn't support their religious beliefs. campbell has been called out on it many times by many experts. the only people who believe him are vegans who agree with what he believes. none of them have bothered to look at his work, and none of them can do the simple statistical analysis required to check his conclusions. i can. that's another thing vegans have in common: very poor science skills. almost none know how to read and interpret studies, and none i've come across can do even the smallest statistical analysis. and isn't it odd, none of their high-priests ever encourage them to be skeptical or educate themselves. they tell the flock to follow and obey, to be indoctrinated, not educated. it's almost like it's a cult...\nyou see, in life, there are many variables. people get better for unknown reasons. if you are unscientific, you can attribute the improved health to anything you like. that's why ancient societies believed that mice were born from old blankets and maggots were born from rotten food, and that leeches cured illness. after the scientific method became common, we got past those bad ways of reasoning. sadly, vegans are encouraged to embrace the ancient way of thinking, lest at any time their eyes are open and they realize what they believe has no nutritional or health value, only moral.\nanecdotes aren't reliable. observational studies aren't reliable. even clinical studies should be taken with a grain of salt until there are many points of evidence all pointing to the same conclusion. vegans can't support this idea, because then they have nothing. no society has ever been vegan. monks in asia and europe throughout history adopted a vegan diet for one reason: it killed their libido.\nno wonder no society has ever existed that is vegan. essential fatty acids and essential amino acids are very hard to get while on a vegan diet. such a diet has some benefits, as a proper one cuts out processed foods and sugars, the major cause of health problems. but they throw meat in there because it's their real goal: stop people from committing the murder of animals. durianrider, one of the more famous youtube vegans, had his b12 levels checked and all the professional reading his results said they have never, ever seen such low levels in a human. vegans need to kow-tow to the pharmaceutical companies to get b12 so they don't get brain damage and then die.\nso there are no clinical studies showing vegans get any health benefits you can't get cutting out processed food and sugar. no societies have ever existed that are vegan. even t. colin campbell's data shows that vegans are more susceptible to all-cause mortality than meat eaters. as a medical professional, we dedicate entire chapters to our textbooks on how we have to bend over backwards to help vegans heal which we don't have to do with regular people. just admit it's a moral choice that you like, but it's not a healthy one. +alberto sommerz\nvery good explanation of how vegans view science. don't do research, facts, or scientific inquiry to make a good decision. just use my arbitrary advice to listen to random, unqualified people on the internet. their anecdotal experiences are far more powerful than science, studies, evidence, facts, or knowledge of physiology. it's no wonder there are 5 times more former vegans than current vegans. those former vegans tend to claim the diet damaged their health as the reason why they quit. that's what happens when you let religious fanatics use moral ideas as the basis for diet: you get bad health. wanna lose weight?? without excercise?? yes !!! oh yes !!! i got one word for you !!!\nketosis !\nthanks. before concluding that this is the way to go, please explore the successful diabetes reversal programs of dr neal barnard, dr. joel fuhrman, dr. gabriel cousens, and the latest scientific studies on the subject found at www.nutritionfacts.org. also explore dr. john mcdougall's \"star mcdougallers\" who have reversed diabetes successfully. all of the above accomplished via diets that are diverse (raw or not, heavy on fruit or not, inclusive of grains or not...) and all are plant-based and focused around whole foods. plants are naturally high in carbs and naturally low in fat. (this is how our primate relatives eat, so it stands to reason this would be healthful for us human primates too, don't you agree?). so the greater questions to ask oneself might be these: will my chosen eating style promote good health and longevity throughout my entire lifetime? and is this way of eating sustainable for our environment, our planet, and our human population overall? @trever bull\nso you have plants five days a week, and animal fats for one meal two days a week. what's the big deal? the key is avoiding junk carbs and refined sugar, not animal fats.\nvegans would be much more successful if they tried to persuade people to mostly eat plants, not to only eat plants. the former is doable. the latter, for the vast majority, is not. they will totally tune you out if you recommend a 100% plant-based diet. @eric k\nyes i can read but you don't understand plant based mean the majority of your calories come from plants not animal. you eat a fat based diet not plant based. you don't even comprehend the meaning of words but you want people to believe that you know what your talking about. again sarah hallberg recipes contain lots of meat and some dairy. on her fb page she has a pizza made from ground beef please explain how that's plant based. how is a pizza made out of hamburger a plant based meal? do you know how to read? i said plant-based plus animal fats. as much plants as you can eat. but most people can't eat plants everyday. so you eat animal fats. how hard is that to understand? +eric k ya but hows your breath and farts smell i bet they smell like something crawled up inside you and died. the reason why i don't give any pungent smells is because all plant foods have a lot less sulfur containing amino acids. examples\nsulfer-containing methionine mg/100calories\npinto beans 98\npotato 35\nrice 52\negg whites 700\nwhole eggs 251\nbeef 250\nchicken 317\nsalmon 318\ndo not call your self plant based you are far from that, sarah hallberg recipes contain lots of meat and some dairy. on her fb page she has a pizza made from ground beef please explain how that's plant based. and you exclude/extremely limit a large portion off plant foods, all starches. +katherine orr will my chosen eating style promote good health and longevity throughout my entire lifetime? absolutely.\nmy chosen eating style is plant-based and whole foods, plus animal fats, while eschewing refined sugar, junk carbs (grains) and processed crap.\nexcuse me, while i make my delicious 2-egg omelet with cheddar, mushrooms and onions. no orange juice, no toast, no cereal. and it won't shorten my lifespan. i am a diabetic t2. i have noticed a drop in my insulin requirements after cutting out carbs as well. i think there is merit in what she is saying. however, i think we are missing out on a lot. over the centuries and even more recently the last few decades, people have become less active . new technology has required people to sit in an armchair and do everything. our grandparents and great grandparents ate all forms of food in a balanced way ( no processed foods, fat-free dairy products etc). you eat normal and you are active. no issues. i also believe the human body adapts. people eat what they find in their surroundings. an eskimo eats fats like crazy, no health issues, asians eat eat rice and vegetables and seafood, no issues.\nnow we have a world where we export foods, introduce them to other parts of the world, starts affecting us in different ways, we need to adapt. companies make money, want more money but cannot keep up production, so they tamper with food and it affects us again, so our bodies adapt. eventually our bodies fail, we require medicine to help the body. now people around the world suffer with all types of ailments that generations before never did.\nso we look at the root cause of our problem..... i don't think we know what the root cause is anymore. cut fats, cut cards, cut this, cut that, exercise more, eat less and on and on it goes. i have researched so much about all these experts opinions and i have come to the conclusion none of them are experts. i don't know what to believe any longer.\ni remember a story i once heard about some monks living in a monastery with an elderly priest. they decided he no longer needs to work as hard as they do and needs to take it easy. the more they took his work away from him the less he ate and they couldn't understand it. eventually he explained he does need to eat as much, since he no longer works so hard.\ni think we need to look back to when we had no problems and work on a solution from there. and balance, balance what you eat and do some activity to help your body. well its my point of view. +trever bull where did he stick his foot in his mouth? there are skinny diabetics. i know one personally. he's 125 lbs and asian. this is actually more dangerous because their fat cells become insulin resistant first so they can't store the extra blood sugar. weight gain is actually protective for diabetics. just google skinny diabetics.\nchronically elevated insulin levels is the cause of pathological insulin resistance and diabetes. chronic exposure to heroin causes tolerance or resistance to heroin so that more and more is needed for the same effects. if you reduce the exposure, cells become more sensitive to it.\nphysiological insulin resistance is completely different. its purpose is to keep blood sugar from going to low and is immediately reversed as soon as carbs are consumed again. @oliver magoo\nthe link does not give enough info about the study to agree or disagree with any of the points you make and the only full version of the study i can find you have to pay for. for instance i can't tell what they consider a high carb diet. i have see studies that consider 55% calories from carb a high carb diet and i've seen studies that consider 35% calories from carbs a low carb diet. so we will have to agree to disagree.\nbut i do love how the second your little buddy shoves his fat foot in his mouth you come to his rescue that so cute. lol . are you guys in personal contact with each other because this is not the first time that's happened. +trever bull low carb diets certainly do improve insulin sensitivity. in a recent triple cross-over study with low carb, medium carb and high carb groups who then switch diets three times, the low carb diet reduced the insulin response to a glucose load (ie, improved insulin sensitivity), and this effect was maintained for a while after carbs were re-introduced. so in the crossover design, if you were assigned to a low carb dietfirst, then your insulin response to glucose was still lower on the next diet. the improvement did not happen in the other groups until they got switched to low carb.\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26373701 @huai li\noh i forgot type 1.5 which is what can happen to someone with type 2 if they don't fix their diet, they can damage their pancreas to the point where it stops or limits the production of insulin. @huai li\nya they can have type one also know as childhood diabetes which has to do with the pancreas not with the bodies ability to absorb the insulin. where as type two also known as adult diabetes because it comes later in life after you have damaged the body. then there is also mody diabetes (maturity onset diabetes of the young) which has to do with genetics, which can act like type 1 or 2 depending on what type you have mody1-11. so ya please go on with telling me how i know nothing about diabetes, because i can guarantee you have never heard mody. @haui li, so a vegan eating only plant based diet that is high in carbs are doing it wrong, is that correct? you are so delusional eat however you want, but let me tell other people who might actually care about there health. i was diabetic i no longer am eating high carb low fat, vegan diet. i feel amazing am losing weight and it is sustainable because i am not under carbed, so i never go hungry, so i actually have energy now all the time now. no need for stimulants like i used to be hooked on (caffeine) i do now, is that all you've got? typo, i do eat high carb low fat vegan +aaron lawson you are aware there is a \"reply\" button, right? you don't have to create a brand new post each time you try to reply to someone. it's tedious and annoying to anyone reading these posts. just press the \"reply\" button to reply.\nyou wrote \"i no longer am eating high carb, low fat, vegan diet.\" is that what you meant to write? because it makes no sense. aren't you advocating a vegan diet?\ni do see a very strong pattern among vegans: they make bold, almost outrageous claims with no data. when met with data that contradicts their beliefs, they pretend it doesn't exist. no data is given, they just ignore data that doesn't fit their beliefs and move on like it doesn't matter. that's not a good thing. if you have data, use it to convince people that what you preach is correct. why do you never provide any actual data? you know that anecdotes aren't convincing, and neither are observational studies that are based on correlation. it's almost as if vegans don't know how science works. @ haui li, if you read his study he talks about it being much better than following the current diabetic diet guidelines and meds, and much better results, animal is the problem, low carb will not work long term. read his books and then get back at me. +aaron lawson\ni will agree that dr. barnard's method is better than the current ada/diabetic guidelines. by the same token, smoking filter cigarettes is better than smoking normal cigarettes. if someone tells you that filtered cigarettes are good for you, it's because they don't understand how science works. same thing with dr. barnard's program: it's just like filtered cigarettes. quitting cigarettes altogether is best, just like cutting carbs is best. dr. barnard is offering you filtered cigarettes, low-carb is offering to help you quit and decrease all health problems. +aaron lawson why would i read someone's book who published data that showed his intervention/theory failed? if i want to decrease my hba1c, would i want it decreased 0.4 or 1.5? would i want to wait 1.5 years to get that 0.4 decrease, or would i want to wait 24 weeks for 1.5 decrease in hba1c? it doesn't take a genius to figure it out.\nwhy don't vegans see how the science is against them? where are your studies proving me wrong? where is the data? it's because you have none. low carb diet is t sustainable, plus i bet anyone following one has low energy levels and needs to live on stimulants like caffeine, if you eat high carb low fat, and no animal, energy goes through the roof. no more diabetes type 2 and no more need for stimulants. been doing it for 8 weeks, feel like i've taken crack everyday +aaron lawson keep it up man, check out my results after 8 months going starchivore, iv been on it over 2 years now. as you will see none of these low carbers will ever show their results because they have nothing to show. this chick has no idea, carbs isn't the problem, animal is the problem, plant based diets work, i started one 8 weeks ago blood sugar is completely normal now, i eat eat hundreds of grams a carbs everyday, low fat high carb plants base is the way to go, i agree with potato strong read dr neal barnards books +aaron lawson yet, dr. barnard published study on this vegan diet (10% fat) on diabetics. their hba1c went from 8 to 7.6 in 72 weeks (1.5years). that's pretty bad, especially for that long period of time.\nwhen diabetics were put on a low-carb diet, their hba1c went from 8.8 to 7.3 in 24 weeks. that's 1/3 the time, with a much better change.\nif dr. barnard's program is so great, why did it do almost nothing for diabetics, yet low-carb greatly improved their health in a much faster time. no vegan has had the courage or intelligence to answer this question. care to try? so what are vegetables considered as in the category of macro nutrients? is it a fat or protein, because most vegetables are definitely not carbs. also why are the people in japan the country with the least amount of obese and diabetic people? their diet is based mainly on rice and vegetables. thank you so much!!! it's essential to get a good, healthy diet to maintain your body and you have provided some nice insight. bon appetite! @steven ma\nit's usually vegans who go around pretending they know what people in asia eat. i lived in asia for 3 years in many different parts and met many different people. rice was common at each meal, but it was such a tiny portion that it hardly mattered.\nvegetables that aren't mostly starch (potatoes, rice, etc) aren't really considered any of the macros. technically they could be considered carbs, but they usually have so few macros in any circumstance they just don't matter. they are mostly water and micro-nutrients. i don't know anyone who says we should limit any of these veggies.\nthe basics come down to this: if you are healthy, eat real food. if you have insulin resistance or metabolic syndrome, they you should cut carbs and only eat real food low in carbs (meat, nuts, cheese, veggies) until you are healthy, then just eat real food. @huai li\noh and i am not good with sarcasm. please explain \"do vegans all get the same propaganda/marching orders from their high-priests?\" what does that mean? am i the assumed vegan? if that statement was directed at me, then i will let you know that i am not a vegan, but an omnivore whose diet is based more on vegetables and less on meat. i also wanted to know what vegetables were considered as in terms of macro nutrients. of course processed foods are bad for you and the typical \"american diet\" is rather unhealthy. there are quite some tedx talks about the healthy diet for humans and it can be very easy to get confused by the information. thanks for the information!!! +steven ma\ndo vegans all get the same propaganda/marching orders from their high-priests? japan eats more than 50% of the world's seafood. sure, they eat rice, but usually a very small bowl. pork and beef are common. japanese people eat very little sugar, lots of fish and veggies, and they don't snack or eat processed foods. they also consume fewer calories than most westerners. yet, vegans see all these variables and say \"it's because they eat rice.\" the japanese are omnivores. when researchers looked at japanese populations in the americas, the ones in hawaii consumed tons of meat and had less heart disease, cancer, and all-cause mortality than those who lived in japan. the japanese population in california ate lots of processed foods and had 5x more heart problems than people in japan. fyi, processed foods aren't meat, they are carbs. i like the idea, but the speaker is still a bit fat!!! @chirots\ni can tell you are full of altruism and good thoughts. the fact that you insult and criticize people without anything constructive to contribute is a perfect example. the way you accuse and insult people you have never seen or met is another clue. i guess in your mind, if the world were more like you, the world would be a better place. on the other hand, when a normal person sees what you write, they see a sociopath devoid of empathy, compassion, or good intentions. try to get that fixed before you go further down this terrible path that hurts others and ends up hurting yourself. +huai li bla bla bla. feel good of what??? i am now tired of your nonsense. attacking me for a word you don't want to hear fat fat fat fat fat. accuse of being bully.\ni don't share my diet with you. you don't deserve healthy diet. i was watching this video, not because i want to lose weight or cure t2d.\ni here learn some new ideas and new things to help people like you!!! @chirots\nstrange how, if someone calls out a bully, the bully then attacks the one who called them out without acknowledging their own fault. i am not fat, though i guess it makes you feel better to think so. so when you start insulting depressed people or disabled people, will you call out the defenders as depressed and disabled? again, sociopaths don't understand empathy, and will forever be clueless about proper etiquette. empathy is what normal people are born with, but not sociopaths. if you have no empathy, you will never understand why calling people fat, without any evidence or expertise to do so, is pretty dumb. it makes you look really bad. the fact that you attack me and make more unsubstantiated claims/insults does not make you seem less of a sociopath.\nmaybe if you just started out saying what your diet is and why it works would be useful. however, if you are sociopath, it makes sense that you think insulting and criticizing people is the best way to get people to think you are a credible source of knowledge. shes a threat to big pharma! holy $%#@! she makes it sound like humans should not be eating carbs! there is so much wrong with this kind of advice. imagine how many people will ramp up their consumption of meat thinking that is good for them and their family. unless we start educating people with real science we are going to turn this planet into a giant cesspool. not to mention the fact that because of the advice of these so called \"doctors\" we are creating a whole lot of future heartdisease patients. oh andwe are also going to increase our tax burden since we are the ones who ultimately have tofinance the medical industry which as we all know continues to flourish on the guidelines created by these very samepeople. very sad. uhh im so sick...i have to eat something. and something else. why do people take a comment to the extreme, don't blow it out of proportion, take things in stride,... but one thing is true , there is no way that pharmaceuticals containing toxic chemicals are much better than what mother nature intended for us,(and don't call me a tree huger) it's pure and simple logic. instead of attacking alternatives (and i'm not suggesting a strict vegetarian diet), learn what ingredients each one has before plunging head first into something, even a child can understand that toxicity is not good for the body...\n...people, don't blow this comment out of proportion, if someone shot me, i'm not going to take a herb, im heading straight to the emergency ward, i'm talking long term, long term dependency on drugs is exactly what the trillion $ pharmaceutical giants want us to be in. so take things in stride and be reasonable about it.\np.s. .. to those who are for natural remedies..... here's a thought , all these negative comments that keep popping up... may very well be a rep from the pharmaceutical industry or someone with a lot to gain from it that is posting these negative comments, posing as another john doe just to elicit resentment for natural remedies .... i wouldn't be surprised. she blames obesity on rice. sarah, you are fired! you are so wrong. please review dr greger's videos at nutrition fact org. +tobias brown no one is starving on a keto diet...unless having a rib eye is starving. @tobias brown\nour definition of \"big\" may be debated, but he's got a noticeable gut. maybe he didn't in his older pictures (when he was younger) but i see plenty of recent pictures and videos and he definitely has a gut. i'm sure he's not \"over-weight\" because i see how puny his arms are, so if you have no muscle mass, but excess fat, you can still be ok based on bmi. however, i'm glad i don't look like him and i don't know anyone who would aspire to be \"skinny-fat\" like him (no muscle with a protruding gut). i didn't read your second paragraph because your first paragraph was entirely incorrect. dr greger does not have a big gut. +tobias brown to imitate a vegan: have you looked at dr. greger? if the diet he promotes is so healthy, why does he have such a big gut?\nseriously though, i've read the studies greger bases his ideas on. they are all terrible. none have any good science behind them. however, if you're vegan, you are already a stranger to science, so someone who agrees with you and uses bad science is irresistible to vegans. does someone use good science? then a vegan will automatically think they are stupid because vegans don't know how science works. this is how vegans see reality: make an assumption, and then agree with anything that supports that assumption. here's how real science works: create a hypothesis and try hard to disprove your hypothesis. when you can't, then you're on to something. vegans hate this idea, because all their beliefs are easily proven false with the tiniest bit of effort. iuh t2d clinical trial led by dr. sarah hallberg, http://fox59.com/2015/09/24/doctor-says-low-carb-diets-could-help-diabetes-plans-clinical-trial/ 765-838-7226 u talk too much! i don't know if this prevents diabetes. but once you have it. this diet works the best. trust me i don't take any pills after cutting down on carbs i thought for sure i had diabetes because of my dizziness. i had my doctor test me twice for it and she said i didn't have it or even pre-diabetes. i think from the video that i am probably insulin resident... i think. would insulin resistance show dizziness as a symptom? thanks to both of you for taking the time to respond. i looked up orthostatic hypertension and i think it's that bc when i'm dizzy i throw up my food and feel like falling down. when i stand up its the worst...i have seen black on occasion.\nwe are so on our own bc the doctors really suck. i go in repeatedly and they just get mad and say \"we tested you already\" and diagnos me with an anxiety disorder. i went to 2 docs and they both did this. +apeiceofmoldedclay dizziness can be caused by a lot of things. many times it has to do with circulatory problems, oxygenation problems, or inner-ear issues. the best thing to do is be aware of when you get dizzy, how often, and the circumstances of each event. for example, if you get dizzy after standing up, that's usually caused by a drop in blood pressure called orthostatic hypotension.\nas it might relate to diet, dizziness is more often associated with low-blood sugar than high blood sugar. that is usually seen in people with real diabetes, not those who are pre-diabetic. not that you won't benefit from cutting sugar from your diet, almost everyone will. but it's not likely because of insulin and glucose from what little you posted.\nif it's a serious problem, definitely keep consulting your doctor. +apeiceofmoldedclay insulin resistant is diabetes, if you were insulin resistant the doctors would know from your test because you would have high blood insulin and glucose levels. high fat diets /meals cause insulin resistance and contributes to inflammation related other chronic diseases. sugar/carbs raises the blood glucose, then fat keeps it out of the cells. this is excellent effort to make understand type 2 diabetes .. more complex lecture good for medical student . please make simple word so that non medical people can understand better .. does animal get type 2 diabetes ?? i follow dr mcdougall's recommendation of 80% of my calories are carbs, 10 % each protein and fat. you seem to be recommending the opposite. i had diabettes for 15 years and was taking seven meds a day, not any longer. i lost 45 pounds, take no meds and blood sugars are normal. i think i will stick with dr. mcdougall's starch solution. there are too many professionals with a lot of success reversing chronic diseases including diabettes that offer the same recommendation: mostly carbs but plant based, not the poisons corporations are infusing into beef, pork and chicken, even though you are md you should check out with dr. mcdougall has found during his forty years of practice. +vistagraphsnet and yet, when dr. barnard put people on a similar diet to the one you are recommending, t2 diabetes did not reverse. i've posted it many times, so i won't bother, but i'll tell you the results: after 72 weeks (1.5 years) hba1c went from 8 to 7.6 (-0.4). that's almost nothing after a huge amount of time on this \"wonderful\" diet that vegans always recommend.\nnow let's look at low carb: people on a low-carb diet for only 24 weeks had their hba1c decrease from 8.8 to 7.3 (-1.5). so in less than 1/3 the time, they became much healthier than their vegan diet counter-parts despite starting off with much worse health. doesn't take a genius to figure out which diet is better. dr. hall berg knows this, but vegans don't. history diet lesson!!!\nnative americans: maze, beans, and squash know as the three sisters with the addition of wild game.\nthe roman soldiers: the high carbohydrate content of the roman soldier's\ndiet, which accounted for 78 percent of his total intake, was suitable\nto replenish the energy stores.\nalso gladiators are called the barley men\nireland: the irish population doubled to eight million between 1780 and 1841 this, without any significant expansion of industry or reform of agricultural techniques beyond the widespread cultivation of the potato.\nafrica: grains, beans, tubers, vegetables, fruits, with minor addition of wild game\nmiddle east: here wheat was first cultivated, followed by barley, pistachios,\nfigs, pomegranates, dates and other regional staples.\nchina: primarily of cooked vegetables, rice, noodles, fruits and relatively\nsmall amounts of meat. each individual diner is given their own bowl of\nrice while the accompanying dishes are served in communal plates (or\nbowls) which are shared by everyone sitting at the table.\nall low fat starch based diets. @huai li\nyou want to know where the bacteria that makes b12 is found in large quantities, its in our intestines so don't wash your hands after shitting lol. @huai li\neating whole foods is eating a wide range of different foods nobody is going to eat just plain white rice, its going to have loads of veggies. you have zero argument when it comes to nutrients, the only plant that has less nutrients then animal products is white rice.\nas for b12 there are loads of vegan b12 fortified foods and vegan supplements, and a large portion of the population are b12 deficient no matter their diets.\nif you eat a combination of leafy greens and starches you will get every nutrient your body needs except b12 because its made by the bacteria you consume. the body does not require the consumption of any cholesterol or saturated fats so why eat it?\nand your just a fat person telling fat people how to loos weight nobody cares what fat people think is healthy. i guaranty you have a bmi of 30. @trever bull\nvegans are so funny when they try to sound smart and say nothing.\nok, so b12 comes from bacteria. which is eaten by animals and then when you eat animal products, you get b12. if you eat plants, you get no b12. what was your point again? oh, you can't admit that your diet is deficient compared to one that has animal products, so you try to confuse ignorant people and obfuscate things with random facts that don't help anyone do anything.\ni didn't say \"eating rice will kill you.\" i said that if you eat nothing but unrefined rice, you will die. first of all, rice is lacking is many vital nutrients. thus, if a person eats nothing but rice, they will suffer ill health and die from nutrient deficiencies. notice, though, i said \"unrefined rice\". so not only do you have all the problems i just mentioned, but if rice (or wheat) are unrefined, you body has a much harder time digesting parts of it and often gets fewer nutrients out of it. so you are worse off.\nsince rice is a \"whole food\", your poor definition of a \"whole food diet\" is lacking, so i was pointing that out. if some random guy off the street was told \"eat a whole-food, plant based diet\" and knew nothing else, he could choose to eat nothing but unrefined rice and would suffer ill health and die as a result. well, he probably wouldn't die, he'd suffer a lot, go to the hospital, only to be told that his diet sucked and he should probably add some animal products. all plant-based diets require tons of education because plants lack vital nutrients unless you get the perfect mix from many different plants.\nyour straw-man, cherry-picked evidence is also weak. i said \"animal products\" in combination with plants. if someone eats sweet potato with chicken, they are pretty much covered. if they only eat sweet potato, they are not. if you eat an egg with spinach, you are fairly well covered. if you only eat the spinach, you are not.\ni know you will ignore what i've written, so there's no more point in pointing out the many more flaws and short-comings of your post. it's all very simple though: tell someone to eat a plant-based diet and their health will more than likely suffer because it's too hard to get every combination right from various plants to get complete nutrition. however, if people eat plants and animal products, just low-carb, they get all the benefits of a plant based diet and none of the problems. @huai li\nyou are wrong on every point you make.\nfirst of b12 come from neither meat or plants it come from bacteria.\nsecond eating starches like rice and some more simple sugars like fruit will not kill you. if so please explain how.\nthirdly all plants have a very wide range of nutrients example sweet potato scores a 65 in nutrient balance and spinach gets a 91. now lets look at mighty meat chicken gets a 32 and salmon gets a 38.\nfourthly the reason you cook meat is because its filled with bacteria and parasites. also not to mention cross species viruses and antibiotic resistant viruses caused by factory farming.\nover 50% of green house gasses come from animal production. more than a third of all raw materials and fossil fuels consumed in the united states are used in animal production. the production of one calorie of animal protein requires more than ten times the fossil fuel input as a calorie of plant protein.\nwater:\nnearly half of all the water used in the united states goes to raising animals for food. to produce a day's food for one meat-eater takes over 4,000 gallons; for a lacto-ovo vegetarian, only 1200 gallons; for a vegan, only 300 gallons. animals raised for food produce approximately 130 times as much excrement as the entire human population and animal farms pollute our waterways more than all other industrial sources combined. run-offs of animal waste, pesticides, chemicals, fertilizers, hormones and antibiotics are contributing to dead zones in coastal areas, degradation of coral reef and health problems.\nland:\nraising animals for food (including land used for grazing and land used to grow feed crops) now uses a staggering 30% of the earth's land mass. of all the agricultural land in the u.s., 80% is used to raise animals for food and grow grain to feed themthat's almost half the total land mass of the lower 48 states.\nair:\nthe massive amounts of excrement produced by livestock farms emit toxic gases such as hydrogen sulfide and ammonia into the air. roughly 80% of ammonia emissions in the u.s. come from animal waste. when the cesspools holding tons of urine and feces get full, factory farms will frequently get around water pollution limits by spraying liquid manure into the air, creating mists that are carried away by the wind. air pollutants generated by animal farms can cause respiratory illness, lung inflammation, and increase vulnerability to respiratory diseases, such as asthma. emissions of reactive organics and ammonia from animal farming can play a role in the formation of ozone (smog) and air pollution. anyone who knows anything about physiology knows you can't get vitamin b12 from a plant based diet. you have to pay the pharmaceutical companies to synthesize it for you, or you have to eat animal products. but that's ok, because you are merely supporting giant corporations that pollute and destroy the land and kill animals. you aren't personally killing the earth and animal life yourself, so you're ok.\nof course, a whole-food plant based diet is great. that's why i'm just going to tell people to eat nothing but unrefined rice or unrefined wheat. that's a perfect cure for bad health. oh wait, that will damage your health and possibly kill you in a very short time.\nok, i'll tell people to just eat bananas and apples all day. those are whole foods that don't need to be refined. oh yeah, you'll die on that diet too.\nhmmm, seems like the idea of \"whole food, plant based\" isn't so easy or healthy. that's because you have to go out of your way to eat tons of different plants to get the needed vitamins and nutrients, not to mention balanced complete protein. notice how more than half of the recent food-based illnesses are plant-based? tainted cilantro, tainted peanuts, or tainted spinach ring a bell? thousands of people sick from out-breaks, many deaths, all from plant-based products. how many died from meat? none. how many sick? very few.\nsure, surviving on a plant-based diet can be done. but you could get much better health just eating animal products. makes one wonder why anyone would want to be vegan or plant-based. it makes sense that more than 80% of people who try a vegan diet end up going back to eating animal products because it adversely affected their health. get one combination wrong, and your health is compromised from a deficiency that you never see in meat eaters. simple fact if you have problems with blood sugar after eating a starch like beans, rice, potatoes, etc... then your still a diabetic, you haven't fixed the problem you are just masking it. someone that doesn't have diabetes doesn't get out of range sugar spikes, this idiot hallberg is just hiding your symptoms and your guys buy it hook line sinker. over consumption of fat is the cause of insulin resistance.\narch internal med(chic), 1927;60(60):818-830\ndiabetologia (1999)42: 113-116\nj. clin invest, 1996 97:2859-2865\ndiabetes, vol; 48, february 1999\nmetabolism clinical and experimental 62 (2013) 417-423\ndiabetes, vol; 48, september 1999 my husband is a living proof of carbohydrate over load. we are now on a 20 gram or less a day a day of carbs. i took him off insulin and lowered his carb intake n his sugar is lower his average daily was high 300s and now he's 120s in a 2 week span. dr's who do not recommend diet and go straight to meds are killing u slowly. change your diet it's easy eggs and steak are perfect n my husband is a big guy no carbs at all? yea ok nutritionfacts.org.... go read the real answer to diabetes. .. @*****it is not unhealthy to eat animal fats. @*****go to a restaurant and see what people eating. fast food, fancy restaurants. it does not matter. 98% of americans will never do a plant-based diet. why? because they don't want to be miserable, that's why. +ronakaweed yeah, everyone is just all set to live their lives on a \"plant-based\" diet. sorry. not happening. your comparing two terrible diets... go to the whole foods plant based diet.. seriously... heart disease is better than diabetes... what school of medicine did she attend... sorry ... indiana university health is enrolling a clinical trial led by dr. sarah hallberg\nsee http://iuhealth.org/mwltrial/ or call 765-838-7226 for more information\n\"dietary intervention in type-2 diabetics and pre-diabetics emphasizing personalized carbohydrate intake\"\ndo you qualify? - are you willing to drive to lafayette, indiana? do you have high-speed / smart-phone internet access? have you been diagnosed with diabetes or prediabetes? woops typo should be \"colon\" it's a really interesting type 2 diebetes talk by sarah hallberg. you're right about ignoring the guidelines but i still believe that in order to reverse diabetes it's necessary to get a full program such as david andrew's or some few other's highly recommended by experts programs. thank you for the talk! +michael frasier okay. here's the link i got from my browser's history diabetes.dvb.me . i know it's really frustrating to be diabetic as it can affect almost every life side but all is possible with a strong determination to beat it up. good luck bro +joseph chambers i think the link on his official website is broken or something +michael frasier idk try to check his official website +joseph chambers how can i get andrew's program? agenda of disinformation. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20592131\ntotal meat consumption was positively associated with weight gain in men\nand women, in normal-weight and overweight subjects, and in smokers and\nnonsmokers. with adjustment for estimated energy intake, an increase in\nmeat intake of 250 g/d (eg, one steak at approximately 450 kcal) would\nlead to a 2-kg higher weight gain after 5 y (95% ci: 1.5, 2.7 kg).\npositive associations were observed for red meat, poultry, and processed\nmeat. our results suggest that a decrease in meat consumption may improve weight management. +huai li\nbs that the societies that ate the most meat thrive the best. example alaska and china, eskimos high animal diets low population numbers china thrived 5,000 years on rye and 10,000 years on rice. all large successful population main food staples were starches,\nbarley middle east for 11,000 years\ncorn central and south america for 7000 years\nmillet africa for 6,000 years\noats middle east for 11,000 years\nsorghum east africa for 6,000 year\nrice asia for more than 10,000 years\nrye asia for 5000 years\nwheat near east for 10,000 years\nit has only been in the last 200 years that we have even been able to produce enough animal flesh for everyone to eat a large portion of there diet in flesh.\nif we can't survive without animal products please explain what it is that we need that we can only get from animal source. @trever bull\nwe do know there is a lot of new information regarding great apes. lots of data points to the fact that they eat more meat/animal products than we first realized. gorillas will spend hours at termite mounds eating and eating and eating. chimps don't go out of their way to hunt, but any chance they get to eat meat, they will take it.\nmain point: our closest animal relatives are omnivores.\nmain historical point: no society ever survived without animal products, and those with the most tended to thrive the best.\nmain health point: if you don' t eat animal products and don't have access to tons of different plants and pharmaceuticals, you die. so you either need money and access to lots of resources and pharmaceuticals, or you can just eat some animal products. sounds to me like that means we evolved needing animal products.\nwe are omnivores. we can eat both plants and animal products. naturally, we cannot survive without animal products, and we thrive best with animal products. @huai li\nfirst off we evolved from the great apes (large apes) of africa -- chimpanzees (including bonobos, or so-called \"pygmy chimpanzees\") and gorillas -- share a common ancestor that lived between 8 and 6 million years ago. humans first evolved in africa, and much of human evolution occurred on that continent. three percent of the average chimp diet comes from meat. on average, nine days a year are meat days for chimps. and with that evolution we evolved to have more amylase in our saliva for digestion of carbohydrates\nplease so a single piece of scientific data that show we will diet with out animal fat. and vegetables are not bad for you yes using free-oil is bad because we are not meant to ingest that amount of fat and it have nun of its fiber and enzymes to aid in digestion. and show one study that increased intake of veggies is bad for you. @trever bull\nwe are omnivores. i can see by your lack of education why you would be confused. you believe there are pretty much 2 categories, with starchivore/fruitivore as a subset. yet, we know there are many omnivores, and we are among them. someday, you will get a grade-school education and learn about omnivores.\nno, we don't want to eat dead mice because we don't eat carrion. other cats also don't eat dead mice they find on the road. cats give us mice because they are trying to teach us how to hunt, like they would a young cat. however, outside of parts of the western world, eating rodents is perfectly natural. many parts of south america, central america, and most of asia, mice that you catch yourself are perfectly normal food sources.\nwe are socialized to not eat cats or dogs, but that was not always the case. we gladly ate them in the past, we consider them to be friends today, but that's not a natural thing. it's cultural. if people had to choose between eating a cat/dog and starving, they would eat them without hesitation.\neven apes eat meat, so your logic doesn't hold up. no society in history is vegan. there are always some animal products in every society. this is because you die without animal products unless you happen to get processed pharmaceuticals that only modern man has access to.\nso let's see, if you don't eat animal products, you die. there are essential fatty acids and essential amino acids, and essential nutrients best accessed from animals and absorbed with animal fat. vegetable fat tends to be bad for us. it stands to reason that we are meant to eat meat/animal products. if you went back in time 200 years and ate no animal products, you die from lack of nutrition (crops are hard to transport and have a short-shelf life) and you don't get vitamin b12, and you are lacking in essential fatty-acids. doesn't take a genius to figure out that we are meant to eat animal products. @huai li\nfirst off cat age much faster and only have one type of food sours and it goes running past them plus fur to keep them worm. and by cat i also meant baby kitten one that is also still to young to hunt. a 2 year old would still struggle eating a whole apple just like the kitten would struggle eating the mouse but they both know which one they want.\nwhen a cat brings back a kill to its owner do you think anyone has ever been like ya let me get a piece of that. no because we are not intuitively carnivorous only through social programming by families and society have we been taught to eat cows and chickens but we look at places that eat dogs and cats in disgust. why is ok that we rape, torture, and murder over 9 billion animals every year so you can get your fat fix. how would you feel if aliens landed here and said because we are more intelligent and advance than you we are going to round you up and farm you like cows and chickens.\nwe don't have four stomach's because we are not herbivores. herbivores eat lots of grass and tough fibrous plants that they have to basically compost in there stomach's to unlock nutrients.\nwe are fructivore/starchivores which is why we have an enzyme in our saliva called amylase. amylase are enzymes secreted by the salivary glands and pancreas to break down starches into maltosea double-sugar made up of two glucose moleculesand dextrin. the genes that produce amylase are not present at all in the saliva of carnivorous animals, such as cats, because these animals are not supposed to eat starchy vegetables.\nour teeth are for grinding, not the tearing of animal flesh. our intestines are long and convoluted for digestion of fibrous plant-foods by bacteria; meat-eaters' intestines are much shorter and relatively simple for quickly digesting and eliminating the digested flesh and all digestion take place takes place in stomach. examination of the number of copies of the gene for the production of amylase has found an average of 6 copies and up to 15 in humans, compared to only 2 copies of this gene in great apes. so explain how a starch makes someone fat. a fat is already a fat so if\nyou have working insulin then its going to be store for energy as its\nintended purpose. carbohydrate get stored as glycogen in the muscle.\nunless you over consume calories by around 50% then the body will\nconvert some into fat using de novo lipogenesis which actually burns\nabout 1/3 of carb grams that it was trying to convert, example 100g of\nbeing converted 33g of would be used in the conversion process.\nsalman, atlantic, farmed, cooked, dry heat\n1oz calories 58 fat 3g=31 cal, protein 6g=24 cal\npotato, baked, flesh and skin, without salt\n1oz calories 26 fat o, protein 1g, carbohydrate 6g\nso if your someone thats over consuming calories lets say eating 5,000\ncalories a day. just by switching to a plant based high carb low fat\ndiet you will cut your calories about half so around 2,500 and still get\nto eat the same volume of food. no starvation diets here!!! @huai li\ni see you have nothing to say @huai li\nthey must have blocked the post because of the link, this is a copy - link.\ninsulin is not the problem it has a job to do and that's to store energy as glycogen and fat. someone who becomes obese becomes insulin resistant as the bodies method to stop you from storing more fat. your diet just takes advantage of that fact, by restricting carbohydrate intake you limit insulin production therefor limiting fat storage. in result causing ketosis where the body has to get almost all it energy from stored fat because you have very little insulin storing energy aka starving the body.\nwhere as in my diet you eat lots of starches and little to no free-oil aka a starch 80/10/10. as people with type2 diabetes start this diet for the first week or two they will have higher blood sugars as they are still insulin resistant. but because they have cut the fat their insulin resistance will dissipate, and because there is little to no fat to store the only fat your body has to burn when doing things like sleeping is the excess fat you have stored. look up rer of fat, protein, and carbohydrate.\nby definition type 2 diabetes is insulin resistance's. therefor your diet doesn't cure type 2 diabetes because if you were to eat a good serving of fruit or starches you would have a giant blood sugar spike because your still diabetic. just masking the symptoms not curing them. @trever bull\nso let me get this straight: i give you clear evidence that a high-carb diet does not cure the worst problems associated with diabetes, and a low-carb diet does. your response is \"i see you have nothing to say.\" speaks volumes about you. @huai li\ni see you have nothing to say @huai li\ninsulin is not the problem it has a job to do and that's to store energy as glycogen and fat. someone who becomes obese becomes insulin resistant as the bodies method to stop you from storing more fat. your diet just takes advantage of that fact, by restricting carbohydrate intake you limit insulin production therefor limiting fat storage. in result causing ketosis where the body has to get almost all it energy from stored fat because you have very little insulin storing energy aka starving the body.\nwhere as in my diet you eat lots of starches and little to no free-oil aka a starch 80/10/10. as people with type2 diabetes start this diet for the first week or two they will have higher blood sugars as they are still insulin resistant. but because they have cut the fat their insulin resistance will dissipate, and because there is little to no fat to store the only fat your body has to burn when doing things like sleeping is the excess fat you have stored. look up rer of fat, protein, and carbohydrate. http://www.brianmac.co.uk/esource.htm\nby definition type 2 diabetes is insulin resistance's. therefor your diet doesn't cure type 2 diabetes because if you were to eat a good serving of fruit or starches you would have a giant blood sugar spike because your still diabetic. just masking the symptoms not curing them. i like him a lot. now im grateful\n*d i a b e t e s c u r e*\nkuladivam what utter rot. refined white flour products and sugar cause heart disease - not saturated fat. @eric k\nsalman, atlantic, farmed, cooked, dry heat\n1oz calories 58 fat 3g=31 cal, protein 6g=24 cal\npotato, baked, flesh and skin, without salt\n1oz calories 26 fat o, protein 1g, carbohydrate 6g\nso if your someone thats over consuming calories lets say eating 5,000 calories a day. just by switching to a plant based high carb low fat diet you will cut your calories about half so around 2,500 and still get to eat the same volume of food. no starvation diets here!!! @eric k\nso explain how a starch makes someone fat. a fat is already a fat so if you have working insulin then its going to be store for energy as its intended purpose. carbohydrate get stored as glycogen in the muscle. unless you over consume calories by around 50% then the body will convert some into fat using de novo lipogenesis which actually burns about 1/3 of carb grams that it was trying to convert, example 100g of being converted 33g of would be used in the conversion process. +trever bull more bullshit from bull. fish makes you fat. grilled chicken makes you fat. eggs make you fat. it's not 1985 anymore, when all that bullshit was put out by the usda and their friends in the grain industry. it's 2015. get with the program. +thomas baird oh yes that right its that breading that gets converted into fat that clots arteries not the the mounds of deep fried crap and fat that everyone eats. kennth hagins eat less. exercise more. choose your parents wisely. just google tim noakes banting diet....belive me it works @pankaj duggal\nthanks +trever bull excellent analysis +lance armstrong 16:19 min mark \"now we do not have the scientific proof this is true\". then look at his best success stores the first one looks pretty good but the second one is still at least 50lbs over weight, are you telling me he can't even show two people with healthy weights.\nin the study at the 24:30 min mark in a randomized, cross-over, controlled design, an isocaloric carbohydrate restricted high saturated fat diet (crd-sfa) was compared to a crd higher in unsaturated fat (crd-ufa). both of these diets are carbohydrate restrictive that is what the (crd) stands for and for the base diet they consumed were also carb restrictive with only 34% calories coming from carbs and 41% coming from fat. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2974193/\n27:31 min mark: all omega fats are made by plant not animals, no animal makes omega fats, if you want omega go to the source. eat a whole foods plant based diet to get a good omega ratio as they are naturally found that way.\n33:37 min mark: the total only drops around three points and if you look at the study its self you will see the good hdl is dropping too. this study is just showing the correlation between coronary artery calcification and chd and cvd risk. he is just grasping at straws using this study. everyone in this study had bad cholesterol ranging from ldl143.8-147.1 and hdl of 48.9-49.8. wow this woman couldn't be more wrong, no mention of intramyocellular lipids causing insulin resistance?\ni'll stick with real science from real doctors and research scientists, whole foods, low fat, plant based, this is human food @eric k\nyes everyone fear the people telling you to eat your fruits and veggies, and listen to the ones telling you to eat loads of fat. +watchtheskies another one. vegan alert! vegan alert! +watchtheskies what i eat every day for breakfast. i eat a bowl of homemade oatmeal every morning. it's 2 cups uncooked extra thick oat 1/2\nstrawberry/fruit, 1tbs whole cane sugar 1tbs maple syrup, a dash of\ncinnamon, and a pinch of salt. that's calories 883, carbs 159g, sugar\n26g, protein 29g, fat 14g. so thats 26g of fast acting sugars and 133g\nof slow releasing sugars. and a hour before i eat that i have a 20 oz\nfruit smoothie made from blending just fruit, so just in the morning im\nlooking at a intake around 1,000 calories.\nhistory diet lesson!!! the base of all there diets were starches.\nnative americans: maze, beans, and squash know as the three sisters with the addition of wild game.\nthe\nroman soldiers: the high carbohydrate content of the roman soldier's\ndiet, which accounted for 78 percent of his total intake, was suitable\nto replenish the energy stores.\nalso gladiators are called the barley men\nireland:\nthe irish population doubled to eight million between 1780 and 1841\nthis, without any significant expansion of industry or reform of\nagricultural techniques beyond the widespread cultivation of the potato.\nafrica: grains, beans, tubers, vegetables, fruits, with minor addition of meat\nmiddle\neast: here wheat was first cultivated, followed by barley, pistachios,\nfigs, pomegranates, dates and other regional staples.\nchina:\nprimarily of cooked vegetables, rice, noodles, fruits and relatively\nsmall amounts of meat. each individual diner is given their own bowl of\nrice while the accompanying dishes are served in communal plates (or\nbowls) which are shared by everyone sitting at the table.\nall large populations diets were based around a starch. the meat they\ndid consume was wild game not the fat filled crap you get at the stores\nand with fish back 300 years didn't have industrial and agriculture\npollution run off filling them with toxins. yes if you wish to eat a\nlittle meat its fine but get the very best source you can get or produce\nit your self like i do for my family. just like the word vegan does not always equate to good health organic does not mean healthily maintained animals. just\nlook into the requirements for organic animal production, they still allow lots of negative unhealthy things. one of the few tedx talks, where the disapproval to approval ratio is 24% - and declining. i wonder why. could it possibly be that she is talking a whole heap of garbage. does it really make sense to hallberg, to reduce blood sugar from \"really bad\", to just \"bad\", and at the same time increase risks with cancer/atherosclerosis/inflammatory diseases. i find rotten tomatoes much more reliable than imdb for movie reviews. tried to google \"10% are former vegans\" - couldn't find anything. any chance you could post a link +pankaj duggal i've never seen ratio done that way. usually people say something like \"the ratio of people who like vs dislike this video is 4:1\". as for \"why are people voting if it doesn't matter\", it's a marketing ploy by youtube/google to get you invested in making youtube more than just a place to watch videos, but a place to create communities, friendships, and share more videos so they get more views and more money. it's about as useful as imdb for rating movies: it's barely useful at all, but it sure does get people invested in the site and brings in the dough for the corporation.\nas for \"10% are former vegans\" google is your friend. i know it takes a whole 5 seconds, but those of us who enjoy being educated are capable of taking those 5 seconds to educate ourselves.\nas for new vegans: amazing. one out of tens of thousands of professors, doctors, educators and research scientists has become vegan. your numbers astound and overwhelm me. it's almost as if the most educated people on earth, with access to the latest and greatest nutritional data are not embracing the vegan life-style. i guess 99.9999999% of them are just idiots compared to the random people on the internet saying how educated and smart they are, so they became vegan. +eric k yup, vegans can be over weight if they for example have chips and coke as an afternoon tea staple. but those on a low fat whole plant based diet will rarely be obese. +huai li dr. kim a. williams, the president-elect of theamericancollege ofcardiology has become vegan +huai li 10% were former vegans, citations please why is it that almost nun of the commenters in favor of lchf diets have any success pictures? where as when i go to a video in favor of a hclf diet almost all of the commenters have pictures of there success. are you guys afraid to show or just have nothing to show? you can even see an example of this in this videos comment section just scroll through you will see if the person has a picture they are most likely in favor of a hclf diet. theirs only like three people in this comment section that have pictures that are in favor of a lchf diet and those people are still overweight. @huai li\nyour the child you are easily persuaded by a smooth talker and thats all it takes for you. and i said inspiration not conversion, meaning they are already doing what you are doing but feel bad because they are not getting the results they want, so they look at people that have done it for inspiration to keep them on path instead up giving up. and for your niece she will get hers by age 30 you can count on that, not saying she will become obese but she will be seeing the affects of her diet choices. +trever bull if your logic were sound, and not childish and silly, why aren't all of us low-carb people inspired by your picture? maybe because you are so rude and condescending that nobody would want to listen to you even if we found your picture to be inspirational.\ni follow people who are intelligent and capable of rational discussions with decent rhetorical skills. you have none of those. for those of us with rational minds, we see people who look good who don't follow a good diet. obviously, there's more to looking good than just a good diet. therefore, the fact that you look fit may inspire someone with a child's mentality, but not an adult capable of critical thought. as i've said before, my niece looks fit and healthy. i won't follow her diet of mcd's, fast food, and junk food.\nfurthermore, many of us have tried a vegan/vegetarian diet. it didn't work and led to worse health issues for many of us. so we have experience. the fact that when you read anything published by a vegan, you feel like your intelligence has been insulted is further reason not to follow them. also, we know no society has ever been vegan. almost no athletes are vegan. so no, just looking good isn't an inspiration. it's meaningless and worthless in most cases. it helps give someone credibility when they also appear to be intelligent, educated, and trustworthy. you don't come off as any of those things. @eric k\nits not for me its for you to inspire all your believers to become as healthy and fit as your self. but i guess nun of that matters anyways as no one believes you other than your other anonymous friends. @trever bull\nwhy would i show my photo to you? you have to be kidding. @eric k\nit's ok we all know that you guys are all overweight still. if you truly turned your health around you guys would be showing it off like crazy but you guys have nothing to show, it's ok we understand. you just want to talk about how good your diet is but nun of you are ever willing to prove it. if your going to talk the talk then show that you can even walk. blood sugar went from 251 to 102 with 1 month raw vegan diet, drinking bitter tea, bitter melon pills, berbinine, and wheatgrass and broccoli juice powders. also lost 30lbs. i want to make a website for people like me. never, ever, ever... ever. read. the. comments. you will never find a more wretched hive of the stupid and the spammers. +mbp2112 yes because eating a whole foods plant based diet is just crazy there is no way that is healthy right? diabetes is a disease in which your blood glucose, or blood sugar, levels are too high. glucose comes from the foods you eat. insulin is a hormone that helps the glucose get into your cells to give them energy. +nellie moran more specifically, glucose comes from carbs, and to some extent, protein. so if you eat a high-fat diet, you don't need insulin. if you limit your carbs, eat moderate protein, and high fat, then you have no blood glucose issues. i just consulted my drug handbook for a medical class and it states under insulin: stops lipolysis. in english, that means insulin stops your body from burning fat. stupor has a new definition - sarah hallberg +pankaj duggal\nfor those of you interested in science, here's what my drug handbook says about insulin:\ninsulin stops lipolysis.\nthat means you can't burn fat while you have insulin in your blood. carbohydrates raise insulin levels. protein raises it a bit too, but not much. that means if you eat foods that spike insulin, you are telling your body to stop burning fat and to store it. maybe this dr. hallberg is on to something...nah. what do all the scientists and experts who created my drug manual know anyway? some vegan zealots on the internet said they know better, so it must be true. +trever bull kirk tuminaro, an avid starch-based dieter, died while still fat. norm, aka raymond cool of the \"300 pounds of joy\" site started regaining weight and needed to restrict calories on a starch-based diet. would dr. hallberg's advice have helped these people? +pankaj duggal never seen truer words. lol carbs are bad when they are separated from their fiber, vitamin, minerals, and phytonutrients. if you fast healthy results, i recommend dr. joel fuhrman's plan. if it works for you, great. i'm losing weight with more vegetable for now. once i achieve my fat loss goals i may add starches and work on building more muscle. potatoes make me feel horrible and most cooked food makes me tired. i do better with salads and fruit smoothies with blended greens. of course i eaten plenty over junk food over my life, and i have some recovering to do from that damage. @joe monroe by starch im talking sweet/potatoes, legumes, and grains such as brown rice, barley, and oats. and of course not plain buy them selves they are loaded with fruits and veggies. that would suck to eat a bowl of oats with no fruit. quite the opposite, just that starches aren't as dense in vitamins, minerals, and phytonutrients as greens, beans, and fruit. starches are great if you live an active life. most americans don't need lots of starches. @joe monroe\nso you deny that whole foods plant based diet is healthy. jesus christ is the real deal. he is the way, the truth, and the life. he came to the earth in the form of a man and prove he is god by many miracles and fulfilling many prophecies from the old testament. obesity is not a disease, it's a dysfunction. +richard shapiro great talk, though... how is this in direct conflict with neal barnard's talk where he says eat carbs and protein and no fats. fats cause insulin resistance. is this not accepted science? same with john mcdougall's talk. he also says don't eat meat, eat starch. who is right?!?! do you know of any studies looking at the high fat diet and diabetes that i could look at? does the body have to be in a ketogenic stae continuously for this to work? +sue moseley\nthank you for your response and for adding to the discussion. the information you provided was interesting and useful, but still not impressive. here is the most salient part:\n[quote]for those who met adherence criteria (n=33 vegan and n=22 ada), the a1c changes were 1.20% for the vegan group and 0.88% for the ada group (p=0.31). for those who were both adherent and medication stable (n=17 vegan and n=12 ada), a1c changes were 1.48% for the vegan group and 0.81% for the ada group (p=0.15). [/quote]\nnotice the p values, which are the most important values to understand. unless p<0.05, then the results cannot be justified as statistically significant. in english, there was no significant difference between the two groups and the differences recorded are most likely random. had different people been assigned to different groups, the real differences could have been reversed. as such, scientifically speaking, there is no difference between the results experienced by the people on the vegan, low-fat diet and those on the ada diet.\nfurthermore, it begs the question: why did one study take 1.5 years and only lower hba1c by 0.4%, while another study taking only 22 weeks lowered hba1c 1% (average)? why in this study was the ada diet so much better than the vegan diet in barnard's other study?\nin the end, it's not very persuasive about a vegan diet. while the numbers are much better in this study, there is no difference between being on the ada diet (a terrible diet) and the vegan diet. that means going ultra low-fat and avoiding animal products did not provide any difference or benefit when it came to health. +huai li neal barnard's research paper shows a drop from 8.07 to 6.84 in hba1c levels over 22 weeks in those following the vegan diet, whose medication remained the same during the study: you can read the paper here: http://www.pcrm.org/sites/default/files/pdfs/health/diabetes/diabetes-care.pdf +eddie moy funny how i've posted barnard's study several times and each time, you vegans ignore it like it's the plague. under barnard's plan, after going on a low-fat (10%), vegan diet, hb1ac levels decreased by 0.4% (from 8 to 7.6). this was after 1.5 years on a vegan diet. these diabetics are still in the danger zone, and still considered to have \"uncontrolled diabetes\".\ncompare that to the low-carb diet. after 24 weeks, hb1ac decreased by 1.5% (from 8.8% down to 7.3%). i know all the vegans will ignore this data because it contradicts their beliefs. it's a sad thing to be part of a cult, because you have to ignore reality, truth, and science because they always contradict what cults preach. +trever bull you sound very defensive. i'm asking you as simple question. i'm not in it to save a few pounds while i clog my arteries and die of a heart attack. trying to figure out why this would work if the science states that it is the fat in the cells that stop the insulin from working. i don't know why eating a high fat diet would fix that. or if it will kill you in other ways. i don't know the answer, just asking questions. dr. sarah do you have a cook book out? minus the spam, i find this video and forum brings up some interesting points. one thing we know diabetes is reversable, the method to reverse that comes down to how your body responds to what you put in it. dr. hallberg is just outlining what has worked for her group, she is right about one thing there is cash in being sick. yes, this presentation is not pulittzer prize winning material, there will never be a single cure diet, nutrition for everyone. we must find our own path. i just saw this video tonight and i had never heard this advice, so it's rather surprising that my experience dovetails with what dr. hallberg says here.\nso, i'm type ii diabetic, and my doctor had just raised my meds from 850mg metformin twice per day to the same med and dosage, but taking it three time daily. and i was advised to lose 8 pounds. even though i exercise daily, i never seemed to lose weight.\ni'd had enough of this, so for the last two months i've been changing my eating habits, which were admitedly atrocious. for instance i considered a 7oz bag of potato chips to be a single serving bag, and i was eating a bag nearly every day. nuff said, this had to change.\nnow, many medical professionals had told me in the past to eat every three hours. and i once worked with a guy who was diabetic - this was some 40 years ago, before medication was common - and he wore a watch with a three hour timer to remind him to eat something so his blood sugar wouldn't go too low.\nbased on that i started eating every three hours. not too much. i set a 300 calorie limit - i'm not sure if i heard that somewhere - and i tried to limit the carbs to 25 grams or less.\nalso i took a more careful eye on my blood sugar levels. that's 5 or 6 meals per day, maybe 1200 - 1400 calories total. *my meals are often in the 200 - 250 calorie range.)\none of my pet peeves has been how my sugar would be fairly low at night but would jump to higher levels in the morning, so 115 at night was typical then it would be 140 when i woke up. was i sleepwalking to the refrigerator? no, but (this is what i'm given to understand) the liver stores glycogen which it converts into blood glucose, thus the numbers go up overnight.\nwould losing weight have a positive impact? turns out that it did. long story shory, i've lost 13 pounds since i last measured, my sugar levels are between 95 and 105 three hours after eating, and the same when i wake up. not 100% successful, but way better.\nby losing fat the liver's store of glycogen gets depleted and it doesn't have excess body fat to produce more. so my waking numbers are lower, that's my theory, anyway,\nabout my diet: no more single serving bags of chips. no pastry or bread, no potatoes or rice, more fresh vegetables, whole milk products like ricotta and yogurt, more chicken and fish.. occasional high cocoa-fat chocolate (this is low in sugar). low carbs, more protein, more fat, just what dr hallberg said. i just stumbled on the same idea,\nmeals are small but the surprising thing is that i don't get hungry, i'm losing weight and my numbers are stabilizing. i just have to keep doing this for the rest of my life. but that's better than some of the complications of full blown diabetes, isn't it?\n( i realize dr. hallberg says to eat when you're hungry and not eat when you're not hungry, it's not the three hour thing i'm doing. perhaps i'll modify my approach to reflect this thinking. but right now what i'm doing seems to work,) +huai li\nthe term \"diet\" has at least two connotations. when i'm taling about fad diets i'm including those that advise people with excess body fat to not worry about their fat intake. for people at a healthy weight and with normal fat percentage it probably doesn't matter as much.\nin my own case, i'm not increasing either fat or protein to make up for the carb restriction i've imposed on myself. i do try to maintain a healthy level of each (whatever that is - but i don't believe in increasing either to make up for the carb deficit).\ni looked up banting. his diet seems to focus on low carb and not high fat. in any case, it should be loads of fun the next time i see my doctor. she'll never believe that i came up with this regimen on my own,.since there seems to be ample precedence for a low carb diet. i do however depart from banting in two respects: he eschewed milk and embraced wine. i'm of the oppositite view and practice.\ndown 17 pounds now. at least the annoying scale in the pharmacy finally says i have a normal body fat percentage. @privateeyeyiyi\nagain, congratulations on your diet. whatever is working for you, keep it up. i don't believe any one diet works for everyone.\ni do think it's interesting that the \"carbs bad, fat good\" diet is considered a \"fad\". we know that this diet has existed longer than any diet anyone can name, the first recorded instance called the \"banting diet\" in 1863. it was one of the most popular diets in existence because it was so effective in promoting health and dropping fat. in tolstoy's \"anna karenina\", horse jockeys lose weight by eating only steak. these diets fell out of favor, not because they didn't work, but because people were more concerned about starving than being too fat. then came the lipid-hypothesis, which we know today to be false. that didn't stop everyone from embracing a high-carb, low-fat diet.\nif you look up \"dr. pogozelski\" and her video here on youtube, you'll hear her story as a t1 diabetic. she was doing low-carb and her numbers were excellent until she was pressured by her medical dietician to start eating more carbs. then her blood glucose had all kinds of problems, all because she was following the dietary advice advocated by the american diabetic association.\ninteresting that a diet society thrived on for decades over 100 years ago is considered a \"fad\", while diets that have existed for a much shorter time that are shown to be much less effective than the diet society thrived on are not considered \"fad diets\". +huai li\ni'm not doing the \"carbs bad, fat good\" fad diet but i am restricting carbs more than someone else might. those \"heart healthy whole grains\" can be murder for a diabetic unless kept to a level that doesn't spike blood sugar. so yeah, i'll eat stuff like whole wheat bread but an occasional slice in a 3 hour period is my limit. i make up the difference mostly by increasing vegetable intake.\nthe video doctor says at one point that we need zero carbs. this seems excessive and in fact she later backed off. (a lot of athletes eat large amounts or carbs during training and then practice \"carb loading\" before an event so they'll have sufficient energy..)\neat all the fat you want - fat laden food certainly tastes good. i prefer a more moderate approach ( though i do like an avocado once in a while). @privateeyeyiyi\nwe have seen very few main-stream doctors give the advice to cut carbs and to not worry about fat. i'm going through a medical program right now and the nutrition advice given: low-fat, higher carb diet with heart healthy whole-grains. sure, we can all agree to avoid potato chips and sugar, but beyond that, the advice isn't low-carb or high-fat. sometimes, the best you'll get is people recommending lower-carb, high-protein diets.\nhigh-fat diets are still considered \"artery clogging\" by most of the mainstream medical community because nobody has time to read the research that says neither fat, cholesterol, nor saturated fat are linked to heart disease, atherosclerosis, cardio-vascular issues, cancer, or all-cause mortality. +cinnamon girl\nok. well thanks. i'm not sure what word is \"getting out\" since i'm just relating personal experience based on common medical advice from a lot of mainstream doctors, including my own.\nmaybe people are starting to listen? i'm glad i did. quackery. based on the comments and videos and advice on the internet. it seems to me that you can find a md that will justify whatever diet, treatment, lifestyle, whatever, that a person could want. it seems to me with so many differing opinions, the real answer is that nobody really know what they are doing. i do enjoy all the keyboard mds arguing to the virtual death in the comment section. the self-righteousness in this comment section is very strong. holy shit..please remove this video..thats horrible advice!!!! please don't listen to this lady. go high carb low fat vegan! i wish freelee would see this! +emma mccord i would not take advise from someone who eats 30 bananas a day. it's not normal. watched this while i ate a bowl of rice and beans. guess i'm gonna get diabetes now... +eric k your logic is non-existent, what makes you think that something that healthy people eat to keep them healthy would be bad for someone that is sick. that's like saying giving someone water when there dehydrated is bad for them. +joshua martin (jmart) vegan alert! vegan alert! i don't think she said not to eat rice and beans if you are healthy. she is talking about type 2 diabetics and pre-type 2 diabetics. i love how this page is just full of fat sick people telling other fat sick people how to get better. if you think you know whats healthy then prove it, show your healthy because if you cant walk the walk then don't fucking talk. when you talk anonymously no one will ever take you seriously. @eric k\nhow did you become so intelligent to know that eating fat makes people loos fat, that sounds so educated. @eric k\noh yes we will just take your word for it, we all know how honest anonymous people are. @trever bull\nnice and thin and healthy here, with good cholesterol levels and no chance of getting type 2 diabetes, thanks to giving up 90% of refined sugar and 90% of grains (pasta, bread, cereal), along with getting lots of exercise, and eating lots of bacon and eggs! oh, and i do eat a ton of green veggies and fruit. +eric k ya don't listen to the person with first hand experience with struggling with being over weight all there lives, and changed it all with just there diet. its a better idea to listen to fat sick people like eric, he knows whats best. +trever bull major major vegan alert! pay no attention to this guy! wow this lady is dumb as fuck!! +nicole de la terre this is one of many studdies which back up what she is saying http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2716748/ @nicole de la terre\nnothing wrong with a whole foods plant diet. but 99% cannot and will not do it, and will not even consider doing it. so you have to face reality. you eat a whole foods plant diet plus animal fats (and i don't mean deep fried chicken), unless you don't believe in using animals for food.\nthe video is about people who are type 2 diabetic or pre-type 2 diabetic. if you are, you should avoid fruit. if you are healthy (like you and i are), eat all the fruit you want. @eric k\nas i said i'm not disagreeing with you on the dangers of refined carbs, but i am saying that based on the evidence a high fat diet is not the answer. excluding whole foods like fruits because of their sugar content is completely counter productive to health as they offer a whole host of essential vitamins and minerals and protective properties against blood sugar spikes. we can agree to disagree on this one, i'd say a whole foods plant diet is best and if you don't agree that is fine. putrefying protein and \"toxifying\" enzymes\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/putrefying-protein-and-toxifying-enzymes/ @trever bull\ni'm very much tempted to point out all the bad spelling and poor grammar in your post. but most people will be able to see it without me.\nof course, if you're fit and trim, you're healthy. i never knew. i must go tell my 20 year-old niece, who eats nothing but fast food and junk food who is about 100lbs. who knew trever bull advocated such a diet, but there you go. if someone looks thin and fit, then they are super healthy. such amazing logic.\nso what you're saying is that people who are dying from diabetes who are under the personal care of one of the most prominent vegan doctors in the us are incapable of improving their health. not a very good sign. if people whose lives depend on getting better with personal access to a private dietitian and experts cannot improve their health on a plant-based diet, what hope have regular people? sounds like a plant based diet must be bad. either that, or dr. barnard is incompetent. he allowed people to stay in the study who were not following the protocols, yet somehow were superior to the ada diet results. strange.\nand how much of an endorsement is that of a low-carb diet? as i posted in my links, a low-carb diet produced better results in 24 weeks than a vegan diet in 72 weeks. so you can conclude 1 of 2 things. either:\n1) a low-carb diet is just plain superior to a vegan/plant based diet\nor\n2) a low-carb diet is much easier to adhere to and vegan diets are just too hard to get right.\nin either case, a low-carb, high fat diet must be superior. it's either much more effective or much easier to follow, or maybe even both. i'm betting both. +trever bull i see you continue to ignore my post showing that dr. barnard's vegan program did almost nothing for diabetics after 1.5 years on his program, but a low-carb diet out-performed his after only 24 weeks (1/3 of the time). but vegans can't let facts get in the way of their cult. and damn tablet. stop putting chemicals in the food. obesity is created by money hungry politicians abd food compnies. what the many vegans and other ignorant people don't have that i do: facts and evidence.\nhere's a study by dr. barnard (if you've read any of the many vegans posting here, you know they say he has \"cured and reversed t2 diabetes):\nwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2677007/\nif you don't feel like reading it, he put people on a vegan diet for 72 weeks (about 1.5 years) and their hb1ac dropped from 8 to 7.7. anything above 6.5 is dangerous and 5-6.5 is not good. so after a huge amount of time on a very strict diet, some improvement and they lost 4.4kg. the weight loss difference between the two diets and the hba1c was not significant (any difference are most likely due to random chance rather than one diet having an advantage over the other).\nnow here's 24 weeks (1/3 of the time) on a low-carb diet like dr. hallberg recommends:\nwww.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/2633336/\nthe low-carb hba1c went from 8.8 to 7.3 (much bigger drop than the vegan diet in much less time) and also lost 3.9kg. so if we want to be honest and fair, a low-carb diet is far better than a vegan diet if it takes 3x as long for a vegan diet to get almost as good results as a low-carb diet. vegan diet decreased hb1ac 0.3 while low carb dropped it 1.5 and lost a similar amount of weight, but all in 1/3 the time frame. i can do math, so i know which is superior. this goes along with the \"trim healthy mama\" guidelines where carbs are not consumed with fats. this doctor recommends eating a pizza made of processed meat.https://www.facebook.com/dr.sarahhallberg/posts/1489781697910942 +bananasandroses yeah..that's obviously why you posted here...you \"don't care\" . enjoy your meat, i don't care what you eat :) @*****\nexcept there is no evidence that fat or animal products will \"clog your arteries\". it's a nice piece of propaganda that's been spread for 50 years now and it has never been proven. in fact, there have been 3 meta-anaysis released in the past 5 years covering hundreds of studies on fat and cholesterol. all came to the same conclusion: neither fat, nor cholesterol are in any way link to heart attack, stroke, or adverse cardiovascular events or even all-cause mortality.\nthese meta-analysis were performed by phds from cambridge to harvard to oxford to berkeley and many other institutions of higher learning.\nthat's why the us nutrition guidelines have just been recently amended to no longer limit fat or cholesterol in one's diet. because when we went back to look at the science in the past and the present, it all said one thing: neither fat nor cholesterol clog arteries or kill people. but will clog your arteries and promote heart disease (as well as impotence!). i follow dr. dean ornish and the president of the american college of cardiology dr. kim a. williams. to each his own. here's a thought, lift weights and be active like we were designed to be and eat a balance of macros and you'll be fine. we need all three for a proper functioning body but we need to be active to boost and maintain metabolism. we're too smart for our own good; people can sit around all day, make money in a chair, lean on the carriage in the grocery store and throw all the shitty sweets they want in it. like every other animal, we don't have to hunt and work for our food and go without sometimes. so many people put way too many calories in their bodies everyday and do nothing and that's why we have diabetes in people, its a self inflicted disease and type 1 can be blamed on your ancestors. our bodies are all about balance. eat right and stay active people fuck all these fad diets. some say high carb some so no carb some say high fat some say low fat. fuck you all! balance your diet and don't be a lazy shit and you wont have to worry about a thing. our bodies react to every little thing. react and adapt that's life. constantly putting too much energy in your body that goes unused is gonna fuck you up just like malnutrition will too. balance your macros properly and be active and you wont have to worry about cutting all carbs because you unknowingly fucked yourself over eating all this shit you dont need. moderation is the key to life people so be moderate from the start and you wont have to turn to some inhumane diet idea that's gonna be proven wrong in 20 years! i am a diabetic type 2 for almost 4 years.. and you are telling me that insuline is a fat storing hormone? you need some medical education fast lady.. insulin is a glucose(energy) storing hormone.. +katastihon funny how one of the common symptoms of diabetes is unexplained and unexpected weight loss. but of course, you'd need to actually understand basic biochemistry or physiology to understand that. it's ok, i'll believe some random dude off the internet before a doctor, or a biochemist (dr. pogozelski) or a harvard graduate (gary taubes) and any number of biochemists and research scientists. what a load of shit @bex sharp finaiiy revealed: scientifically proven principles that will have your body producing more insulin naturally.*\nthe diabetes cure (official site) also, try working out without eating any carbs. you won't make it this bitch is crazy. if i were to eat a diet like she says all the time i'd feel like pure shit. i feel better when i eat high carb whole foods. i feel like shit when i eat too much oil, even healthy foods drenched in oil, too much of it makes me feel ill @huai lii'm not vegan, but thanks for assuming +cat lynne it's so wonderful to read the ramblings of vegans. they always have so much good evidence and facts to back up their statements. and their rhetorical skills are unmatched. why i could quote this vegan to my bosses and they would be overwhelmed by my eloquence and logic skills. comin in strong with the retardation. poorly understood science. i can't believe what i am hearing. people do your own research and don't listen to her. eat whenever, less carbs, and more fat??? this is what my evil doctors said to me. @infernostr\ni would honestly like to know what a balanced diet entails. you say it's a stupid question, but i bet nobody really knows what it means. probably some vague idea of \"not too much of anything\". but i'm a hard-core scientist. terms should not be vague, they need to be objectively measurable and concrete. how much sugar, processed carbs, mcd's, etc. are part of a balanced diet?\nno need to debate, just tell me what is a balanced diet. if it's a stupid question, wouldn't you be doing the world a favor and answering the question, rather than letting some stupid soul such as myself wallow in ignorance? i love knowledge. if you aren't willing to share, then that says a lot about you. @huai li like i said, i don't want to start a debate or to win a conversation here. why don't you go on a strict animal protein diet for the rest of your life and see what happen? btw, for those of you who don't know what a healthy balance diet is, please don't ask. i really don't want to answer such a dumb question. @infernostr\nlow-carb is high fat, not high protein. she emphasizes this again and again in the video.\nanimal protein is good for you. have you never read \"the china study\" where t. colin campbell proves that animal protein and fat are associated with less cancer and decreased all-cause mortality? oh yeah, he lied about his data but several other research scientists used his raw data to show the truth. look up dr. walter willett (chair of health and nutrition at harvard) and how he did the math and showed the china study proves animal meat and products are associated with health.\nthere are tons of studies that show this again and again. three meta-analysis studies have come out in the last 5 years covering hundreds of studies. each one came to the same conclusion: neither fat nor cholesterol are related to coronary heart disease, stroke, or cardiovascular disease.\nwhat does \"healthy balance diet\" even mean? it sounds good, until you ask someone to quantify and define it and then nobody has a clue. @huai li vegan??? i am not a vegan. in fact, i just had steak last night.there we go again. vegan vs paleo diet. most of it is quack science. too much animalprotein is not good for you. i hope you would agree on that and i really don't want to get into another debate on what to eat. eating a high protein diet might be a temporary fix on the reports but is your body really getting better? everyone's body is different. one must find the right diet for his or herself to achieve optimal health. a healthy balance diet is the key. hey hey! thanks for sharing! on a separate note; have you heard the talk about \" vidadsmedia what is type 2 diabetes \" (google the exact phrase)? my female cousin who works in the health & beauty industry had some dealings with them and was impressed by their unbelivable testimonials and reviews and tried their recommendation! this woman is an idiot. ermmmm squeeze me? baking soda? what do i do about my cholesterol if i eat fat?? diabetes causes high cholestorol. i've never been able to control my cholestorol even when i lost a significant amount of wieght, i don't get this at all omg low carb is sooo hard for me. you are in england are you? i heard that healthy foods like fruit and vegies are cheaper there. diabetes actually makes you hungry and then to get healthy you need to eat less. and of course fruits and veggies are not as cheap to buy as carbs like bread. i try to go low carb but it's very difficult for me. i don't eat hardly any sugar. +louann licardo your cholesterol will drop - mine did by 4 points after 8-12 weeks of quitting sugar and going lowcarbhighfat and i lost 20kg :) that was 18 months ago and i've never been better - for the sake of the 8-12 weeks trial give it a go! :) i'd love to know how you get on and if it worked :) yup... she nailed it. pretty much total crap. why is ted providing a platform for this really annoying infomercial? @oliver magooin most cases fiber improve bowel movements. did the experimental group in the atkins study eat a lot of fiber or very little? i know the answer. @siegfried furtwangler knappertsbusch i was actually pointing out a negative effect and you're admitting that increasing dietary fiber can be a good thing aside from the constipation. @oliver magooyes let's avoid one of the healthiest aspects of certain foods.\nhttp://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/271220.php\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21775566\nthere are many studies on the benefits of fiber against certain cancers, the benefits of propionate and butyrate. let alone its protective effects against diverticulosis. in fact 98% of americans do not meet the dietary recommendations for fiber.\nyou keep making the same mistake. you point out one positive effect of a dietary change and neglect that our body works like a well run german symphony orchestra. no one change has but one effect. if we look at the total health picture low carb falls apart. enjoy your short-term weight-loss and improved markers as well as your premature death. that's the whole picture. ya now think about what see is saying in this talk about carbs and superimpose the bullshit food pyramid the usda gives us on every loaf of bread....makes you think doesn't it this page won't let you post video links so you'll have to search it your self; 3 biggest mistakes people make in their diets sounds a lot like paleo so what she is saying is just eat chuck steak every meal, nothing but chuck steak. fats and protein, then a one a day for the minerals and vitamins. acknowledged. the protein only vs. 4 carb units per meal regimen requires much more study. current ada approaches are indeed about managing diabetes, but in a fashion that requires over time ever increasing amounts of insulin, not an approach designed to end diabetes, because that would adversely impact the contributors to the ada. as she says, there is money in keeping it going and growing as a problem. @ken ibn anak\ni also thought you were being sarcastic. sorry for the miscommunication. accepted. no i wasn't being sarcastic. i would describe my self as being way too dee[ into learning about the liver, the pancreas and the gall bladder and spleen. i have read way more than anyone sane would ever want to know about those organs and what they do. if you wanted me to list the long chain molecules produced by the abc cells in the pancreas, i can and i can also tell you what they are chopped into and what the new molecules are used for. well except for the two or three no one is really sure about. my point is i know this stuff fairly well. i had a trauma which knocked my own pancreas off line for a month or more. it still isn't back, but when i got out of the hospital 4 months ago i was a certified diabetic taking 100 units twice a day. today i take 15 units a day twice a day. i hope to lower that soon. my own secret?\nlow carb protein shakes with chicken or beef fat 4x a day and an occasional egg thrown in, and always exercise and no carbs (except an occasional cliff bar while pushing a lawn mower in the summer heat or doing something similar. okay, an occasional banana or some strawberries thrown in the blender to improve the taste of the powder shakes (they do). yes we need the minerals. a centrum with minerals twice a day covers that. yes, i confess once a week i force myself to pour in some cambells pork and beans for the fiber. the intestines do need occasional fiber. 40 pounds of mid age fat lost and soon i hope to be able to tell the insulin makers, no thanks, don't need it.\npoint i am making is her results are paralleling my own. i don't have her fancy dr degree (nor an interest in the profession), but i had rejected the ada approach within hours of learning it and did my own research and drew my own conclusions and followed them. simply put the only reason i don't switch to a diet of nothing but prime rib steaks 3 or 4x a day is cost. @ken ibn anak i thought you were being sarcastic in your original post. forgive me if you weren't. @ken ibn anak\nsounds like you agree with most of what we wrote. she recommends a low-carb diet. low-carb is not no carb. she mentions eating fruits and veggies. it's true that there are no essential carbohydrates, only essential amino acids and essential fatty acids. fruits and veggies are not primary sources of carbs, but sources of polyphenols, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and a ton of other stuff. i think you could get the benefits of her diet eating only meats (fat and protein), but i think many people would find that boring and limiting.\nyou can eat meats, seafood, nuts, coconut, coconut oil, eggs, full fat dairy (cheese, yogurt, sour cream), etc. i would still recommend eating cruciferous veggies, spinach, etc. you can cut starchy carbs like potatoes and sweet potatoes until you've got your diabetes reversed and then see if you could add them back in (the perfect health diet recommends this). i realized all the food we eat is lacking major nutrients......i was over eating and always hungry.....i solved it by tankimg the 90 essential nutrients beyond tangy tangerine 2.0 and i was no longer craving sugars and fats and drop 25 lbs in 1 month......if you have hypertension take beyond osteo fx its natural gmo free calcium at 1200mgs per 1oz......unless you have kodney disease....i did some soul searching and realized most mds are feeding us junk data.....dr. wallach and dr. glidden saved my life....... dr. mcdougall admits not being able to stabilize blood sugar with his diet. see the youtube video \"dr. mcdougall on type 2 diabetes\" he does seem to realize that insulin is not a good thing and sulfonylureas do increase insulin production as well as increasing death. @pankaj duggal\nvegans are so funny. after two months of spouting nonsense and being wrong, you've found new ways to distract from the topic at hand. thank you. i could never show the world what vegans are like better than you have done.\nso when dr. barnard does a study on diabetics, whose hba1c goes from 8 to 7.6 in 1.5 years, that's amazing and good. when another study shows that low-carb decreases hba1c from 8.8 to 7.3 in 24 weeks, that's bad and nonsense and nobody should care or pay attention.\ngood to know vegans are so intelligent, consistent and logical. i know that if someone told me \"hey, diet x does very little to improve your health after over a year. diet y improves your health a great deal after 24 weeks weeks.\" i'd also conclude that diet x is the one for me. who doesn't want to wait over a year to get poor results when you could get pretty awesome results in 1/3 the time. not at all. i will just look at the merits of the study. as i have mentioned before, the low glycemic group in the aitkins funded study was neither on a vegan let alone a whole plant based diet. so how can you make a claim about a vegan diet from that study omg! so, if atkins had conducted the study himself, you'd accept it but if barnard or pcrm had only funded it, you'd reject it? wow! really, wow! @huai liyour mixing of two studies has led you astray. the low glycemic diet in the westman study, that was funded partly by the atkins foundation was not a vegan diet, let alone a whole plant based diet. what are you on about. @oliver magooyes that is correct - the author of a study usually conducts the study, unless they are doing a meta-analysis of other studies. and yes, physicians committee for responsible medicine recommends dietary changes to reduce the risks of chronic diseases, rather than drugs as a first line of action. stop eating is the eases-est way to get free of type 2 starving americans!!what are you on about. what the hell is hunger?in the us it dose not exist. besides her annoying voice.... so, pasta/bread and other refined carbohydrates are the same as vegetables and fruits? omg! i cannot listen anymore. *covers ears and ~ gone!* the bottom line is that we are all slightly different in metabolic rate and chemical disposition thus what works for one may not work for another ! fat indeed is very satiating and i can remember back when i was a young boy my grandmother would put a good thick spread of the fat and taste from the roast as dripping on a piece of bread ...yum .. i was a skinny kid, the best part of this young ladys speech was when she said eat food not products .. food doesn't come in a wrapper perce just ate half a peach cobbler as part of my dinner equaling\n4 peaches calories 120 cabs 15g sugars 26g\n1.5 tbs maple syrup calories 78 carbs 13g sugars 18g\n2 tbs whole wheat flower calories 51 carbs 11g sugars 0g\n1/6 cup apricot preserves calories 133 carbs 32 sugars 29g\n1/4 cup quick cooking oats calories 42 carbs 8g sugars 1.5g\nequaling calories 323 carbs 119 sugars 74.5\nso if eating carbs make you diabetic i must be some medical mystery @oliver magoo\nya he would be, i have his cook book next to me that is where 80% of my recipes come from. he also states that every year he eat just a little piece of meat just so ignorant people can't call him a vegan. i eat locally produced honey almost every day so i really can't be called vegan. @huai li\ndude you are defending a video of a person that claims to be a doctor but provides 0 deviance. watch the video not one chart or graph has a source heading meaning she literately when on her pc went to microsoft graph and made it. can you say hypocrite @trever bul the description of your diet looks much more like a fruitarian than a starchivore. if you're going to describe your own diet, call it what it is. i'd call you a fructivore or a non-compliant starchivore. would mcdougall be pleased with this meal? @trever bul\nanother very good post. you can call yourself whatever you want, but your lack of science and evidence makes you come off as a vegan. the fact that you would criticize this video, again without facts, evidence, or good rhetorical skills, makes you seem to be like every other vegan.\nstart posting evidence and facts to support your diet, and keep up with the more reasonable rhetoric and we'll get somewhere.\nif your diet works for you, keep it up. i'll never tell anyone that a diet that works for me will work for everyone. some people do thrive on a vegan diet, many do well on a low-carb, high fat diet, and there are many iterations of paleo that people thrive on. if your diet works for you, great. just don't try to tell me another diet is bad and yours is great without facts and evidence to support it. that's what vegans do. @eric k @huai li i do eat animal once in a while maybe once a month but its very small amounts. how many times do i have to tell you guys im not fucking vegan im a starchivore if your going to address my diet then call it by the right fucking name. i don't call mexican's middle eastern just because there skin is close to the same color. my family are all fat stander american diet eater's so once in a while during our weekly family get together im stuck eating a little animal. the reason i don't come at it from the moral animal stand point is i have no place to talk, i raise chickens for my garden and family so they can at least have the healthiest version of a bad thing at least it have no hormones and no diseases. well said! i'm a type 2diabetic as of 10 days now i'm a vegetarian wish i'm proud to say. i'm bursting with energy from all the greens and fruits it is a learning process. my sugar levels are normal and i'm proud of me. there are many many videos on youtube and i've looked at many. your education really really opened my eyes today. you are definitely an inspiration. thank you. well said! i'm a type 2diabetic as of 10 days now i'm a vegetarian wish i'm proud to say. i'm bursting with energy from all the greens and fruits it is a learning process. my sugar levels are normal and i'm proud of me. there are many many videos on youtube and i've looked at many. your education really really opened my eyes today. you are definitely an inspiration. thank you. brown rice erased my diabetes excellent video, with a lot of great advice. we as a society, and diabetics in particular are being lied to by organizations such as the american diabetes association, and the canadian diabetes association, they say it's ok to eat between 130 and 180 grams of carbs a day as long as you take your medication, they are nothing but spokespeople for the giant pharmecudical companies. @*****\nwhat you are saying is utter bs, around 80% of my calories come from carbs and i don't exercise at all. the only why to get in enough carbs to make your body do de novo lipogenesis is to eat a lot of refined crap like soda and other crap with high fructose corn syrup which everyone should avoid. +roy younger thank you @trever bull i'm not saying everyone that eats a diet high in carbohydrates will develop diabetes, but there are a lot of people that will, along with obesity.also, if you are a vegetarian and eat \" healthy carbs\" in the form of vegetables, grains, nuts, fruit you will not have the problems that someone who eats a high carb diet of processed foods (which is the average north american diet) . the amount of carbs in the form of processed food eaten by people in north america, has increased significantly in the past 3 or 4 decades, and so has the occurrence of obesity and diabetes. in fact before the start of the twentieth century diabeties was a very rare disease, because there were very few processed foods around, and people ate healthier then . @trever bul\nare you 10 years old? that would explain a lot. i don't think anyone above the age of 10 should resort to such childish remarks and logic. be sure to go tell your parents that's you've been trolling on the net and that they're terrible parents. they failed teaching you logic and basic courtesy. now run along and let the adults discuss things too far above your head for you to understand for another decade or two. if she's a doctor, you americans are not safe! i dont think you understood what i was getting at. oh please, this is a joke isnt it? @007 bobby if you're an american and you have dr. mcdougall as your doc, you are not safe! he lets his patients run blood sugar levels up to the 300's! if his diet doesn't accomplish what he intends, he sends them to true north, a fasting clinic. how many of those patients would be helped by a ketogenic diet to begin with? she's got big flabby arms a big ass and is short of breath what a load of paleo hooey! - no science in this video.\njust go lo-fat, high-carb - problem solved. @dunklaw and another one! vegan alert! vegan alert! so please, doc, tell me about how you treat your patients after they succumb to heart disease, cancer, arthritis... #cutcarbscutlife @oliver magoo\nhigh insulin is a symptom not the problem so have fun managing symptoms. being insulin resistant makes your insulin rise because your body is unsuccessful at storing energy so it has put out more. if you eat a potato and it makes your blood sugar sky rocket then your still sick, you don't avoid the potato and say look at my numbers there all good so im good. the only reason why any of your blood sugar numbers are ever good is because you guys don't ever eat the complex carbs so you don't get to see that your still insulin resistant . @katie mednick\nthe best reply to silly vegans ever made:\nhttp://www.fathead-movie.com/index.php/2015/03/31/to-the-vegetarian-evangelists-updated/\nof course, the fact that vegans succumb to cancer and heart disease as well never enters a vegan's mind because their high-priests don't tell them that. you see, being vegan is the same as being part of a cult; you don't get educated, you get indoctrinated. oh, vegans have higher levels of all-cause mortality than everyone else (see the link i posted). even dr. katz, a vegan, says that vegans don't outlive anyone. he says he's a proponent of the life-style because he believes it will save the environment from global cooling..i mean warming...i mean climate change. @trever bul\nwhat animal does starch come from?. i'm confused. @eric k\ni'm a starchivore not a vegan. starchivore is to vegan as square is to rectangle. that might be a little to complicated for you to understand. i agree with dr. hallberg. some of the criticism i see in the comments is based on her \"no carb\" recommendation. for those on a \"plant-based\" diet, she isn't really saying don't eat, kale, spinach, asparagus, etc. these are carbs of such low caloric density that you'd have to eat a freezer full to spike insulin. she was clear by saying no breads, flours, potatoes, etc., but should have said green plants are fine. as a personal trainer, i recommend this philosophy under the mantra, \"produce plus protein\". what does this type of meal look like? for lunch yesterday at whole foods, i had a baked chicken breast and drumstick on a bed of shaved brussell sprout salad. i try to keep 17/21 meal/week like this and enjoy carbs 3 meals/week. i agree with dr. hallberg. some of the criticism i see in the comments is based on her \"no carb\" recommendation. for those on a \"plant-based\" diet, she isn't really saying don't eat, kale, spinach, asparagus, etc. these are carbs of such low caloric density that you'd have to eat a freezer full to spike insulin. she was clear by saying no breads, flours, potatoes, etc., but should have said green plants are fine. as a personal trainer, i recommend this philosophy under the mantra, \"produce plus protein\". what does this type of meal look like? for lunch yesterday at whole foods, i had a baked chicken breast and drumstick on a bed of shaved brussell sprout salad. i try to keep 17/21 meal/week like this and enjoy carbs 3 meals/week. very well done dr. i would add the third reason is power. the loony loony leftists like ancel keyes, the communist party usa member jeremiah stamler, and the known marxist senator george mcgovern ( ran for president against nixon in 72, after his humiliating defeat in that election to that moderate republican had to find some do-gooder bullshit to do). these three men were were largely responsible for the guidelines promulgated by the usda and hhs which today say 60% of of calories should come from potatoes, grains, and sugar. ada guidelines are just calorie restricted versions of the dietary guidelines for americans. the loony left knew if they could scare people away from eating fat by claiming that it caused heart attacks they could justify massive new taxes and gubment programs and gubment regulations. at the time these men began pushing these guidelines most people ate only moderate amounts of carbo and teenagers didn't get type two diabetes. now our president's own first lady is running around the country willy nilly exercising fat colored kids to death while force feeding them potatoes, flour, and sugar. mcgovern may have sold the dietary guidelines for americans to his constituents as being aligned with their economic interests but they weren't. these policies have decimated the livestock and egg industries and have also hurt the market for the corn whick is also grown in states like south dakota and mostly fed to cattle and chickens. certainly some corporate interests have benefited from this sham. general mills, con agra, novo nordisk, sanfofi, are all billion dollar corporations who owe their healthy bottom lines to these abusive policies.\njust to clarify on mrs. obama for any \"colored\" folks who may be reading. african american, native american, and hispanics, specifically teen-aged ones have been the hardest hit by these leftist, statist policies. @ryan grone i thought with mcgovern it was a much more practical reason - he represented south dakota and south dakota grew lots of wheat.\nbut you are right on something else. i have read numerous articles that through the 70's it was unheard of for kid to get type 2 diabetes (formerly called adult-onset diabetes). it exploded after the low-fat guidelines were promulgated.\nand michelle obama means well, but she is absolutely clueless. she wants kid to move more (fine), but it's ok to have low-fat (high sugar) chocolate milk and high carb junk in the school cafeterias. my doctor told me i was per-diabetic. since finding this video two months ago i have lost 23 lbs and feel so much better. thanks dr.hallberg! sadly this woman is hugely misinformed. $100 says she counts calories and is prediabetic. i feel sorry for all her patients and the people in the audience. low fat high carb is the only way to reverse diabeties. @trever bul\nwell, you were sane for a while there. now i know that anyone who gets chicken pox or hiv just don't have a strong enough immune system. either that, or vegans don't really understand science. excuse me, starchivores (a subset of vegans). you may eat a small amount of animal products now and then, but you support vegan nonsense through and through.\nagain, thank you for your post. you do more to discredit and damage your cause than i ever could. if someone reads what you just wrote and doesn't see how unscientific and weird it is, then they deserve to follow you. please take them, because i don' t like dumb people. @huai li\nand for that argument different diets for different people. when you look at each spices of animals for example cats. you do not see one cat eat fruits because he is black and another cat eat meat because he is white that is just complete bs. @huai li\ninsects 6% @huai li firstly all free-oils are processed therefor are bad. secondly we do not eat cars or computers so that comparison is null and void. as for doctors, vaccines, and hospitals there would not be much need for them if people were healthy. if healthy you have a much stronger immune system that can fight off all forms of diseases. if everyone had perfect diets they would have perfect health, except for those born with illness, which would less likely happen if everyone was healthy. that would leave hospitals with only salving trauma injuries such as car crashes. but i do love how all you low-carb guys turn to the scientific achievements that annals aren't capable of achieving as your defense again humans going against all other animals with close biological makeup. i think we all agree that greatly reducing refined sugar, processed crap, and junk carbs is the start.@huai li why doesn't this lady look at the real evidence where so many people have been cured from a plant based diet...i wonder how much money the meat and dairy industries paid her to do this talk...go vegan @andy young if she's being paid by anyone, which she isn't, it'd be an insurance company. an insurance company recently sponsored \"the old mutual health convention\", a huge low carb high fat health convention in south africa featuring low carb experts from around the world. why would they do that? because sick people lower their profits and low carb makes sick people healthy again. ecspecially! public speakers should enunciate properly, just a pet peeve of mine it is especially people! i love how she explains what insulin resistance is (as if it isn't obvious from the name) but doesn't bother to discuss what makes us resistant to it. i know why, because the answer doesn't fit with whatever her agenda, or lack of knowledge dictates.\ninsulin resistance is known to be caused by excess fat blocking access of the insulin to the cells. having excess fat in your body, coating insulin receptors, is why people end up with high blood-sugar levels.\neat less fat. or be a fucking moron, and follow this cunts advice......\nedit: wtf!!! i can't believe she is claiming that carbohydrates are not an essential nutrient! i really can't. carbs are fuel for the brain (http://learn.fi.edu/learn/brain/carbs.html). are you fucking serious? we don't need carbs? oh....oh i get it. shes following her own advice. no wonder she couldn't think her way out of a paper bag and realize how non-nonsensical what shes saying is. @rhigmus dr. hallberg does address the role of fat blocking insulin in one of her videos on her fitteru channel. it's coming from carbohydrate.\n\"high-carb diet increased fasting insulinaemia and imcl(intramyocellular lipid). these effects were not reversible after 5% body weight loss. conversely, high-fat diet enhanced hdl-c and it was sustained after weight loss. neither diet affected glycaemia.\"\nparente eb, pereira phgr, nunes vs, lottenberg amp, lima cslm, et al. (2014) the effects of high-fat or high-carbohydrate diet on intramyocellular lipids. j food nutr disor 3:6. doi:10.4172/2324-9323.1000158 @rhigmus that's body fat, not dietary fat. @rhigmus you can get carbs from green vegetables, correct? watch the video. she didn't say no carbs. if you thing bread and pasta and boxes of cereal are healthy for type 2 and pre-type 2 diabetics, you are deranged.\ni'm selling a vegan here. is it time for another vegan alert? great comment from highcarb schwabe: \"fats, especially saturated (= animal) and trans (= animal/hydrogenated) fats stored in muscles, the liver and the pancreas, are the reason for insulin resistance (see e.g. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18460913 where they are doing further research based on that knowledge). that is nowadays established and a general consensus in the scientific community. that short term insulin response shown here (which is only observed under unfortunate conditions) is of little importance compared to the long term effect. average insulin levels strongly depend on fat buildup + the short term insulin response to a meal strongly depends on fat buildup and the amount of fat present in the blood. it looks also completely different if you have removed most of your visceral fat and frequently deplete your gylcogen, e.g. through exercise. proof through intervention: people like me who eat a high to very high carb (80-90% carbs) whole foods diet (>100g of fiber per day, no processed/refined foods, 3000-5000kcal/day) have super low average insulin and blood glucose levels (judging by hba1c), lose lots of weight (in my case ~70lbs) and restore their insulin sensitivity (fasting blood glucose down from almost 100 to 60-70 mg/dl). they also reverse all symptoms of the metabolic syndrome (in my case: bp down from 140/90 to 110/50, resting heart rate down fom 60+ to 45-50 bpm). esselstyn et al. have demonstrated that advanced cad can be completely reversed in ~6 months. high carb low fat is also the most effective ms treatment known to man, roy swank concluded after 50 years of research on the subject. people have demonstrated over and over again (using foods like watermelon juice, bananas, potatoes, rice,...) that there is no such thing as a blood sugar spike/crash if excess fat is removed from your system and your glycogen stores are not completely full and you eat whole foods. instead, there is a moderate, rather slow rise and fall just like it ought to be. no over- or undershoots, no cravings, no nothing. if you do experience these effects, you already are sick and need to get the fat out of your system! it is highly misleading to the point of careless to draw three arbitrary curves in powerpoint that provide very little and incomplete information and draw conclusion from that. what her advice does is mask/suppress symptoms short term while the metabolic imbalance is getting worse long term. this has been demonstrated over and over again. it is quite hard nowadays to ignore the evidence. still some people seem to succeed... p.s.: is she being paid by certain industries?\" @trever bul\nprocessed food + refined sugar + pasta + bread + cereal + fruit juice is how i lost weight. but i actually indulge in all of them every now and then because i am not a fanatic. @trever bul\nwow. can you cite anything to support that lie, or is it a fabrication you made up just now? seriously, does anyone take vegans seriously? @oliver magoo\nthe people that claim that your weight lose came from cutting processed food are ignorant and have 0 understanding on how low carb diets work. the elimination of processed food only contributes at most 20% of your weight lose. @trever bul see my first comment in this thread regarding where clogged arteries come from. too much insulin.\nwhen people don't do well on a vegan diet, it's blamed on junk food. when people do well on low carb, or paleo, it's attributed to the reduction of processed food. it's never the animal foods that are responsible.\nthis is something we didn't see in the china study book. a couple of peer reviewed studies by t. collin campbell:\n\"within china neither plasma total cholesterol nor ldl cholesterol was associated with cvd [cardiovascular disease].\nthe results indicate that geographical differences in cvd mortality\nwithin china are caused primarily by factors other than dietary or\nplasma cholesterol.\nthere were no significant correlations between the various cholesterol fractions and the three mortality rates [coronary heart disease, hypertensive heart disease, and stroke]. in contrast, plasma triglyceride had a significant positive association with chd and hhd but not with stroke\"\nhttp://www.ajcn.org/content/52/6/1027.full.pdf\n\"significant differences in the diet of rural chinese populations studied suggest that wheat consumption may promote higher insulin, higher triacylglycerol, and lower shbg values. such a profile is consistent with that commonly associated with obesity, dyslipidemia, diabetes, hypertension, and heart disease.\non the other hand, the intake of rice, fish, and possibly green\nvegetables may elevate shbg concentrations independent of weight or\nsmoking habits.\"\nhttp://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/63/1/22.full.pdf\none thing we don't see here is an association of animal products with cvd. what we do see is an association of wheat with raised insulin and the diseases of civilisation. whether it's because of the wheat itself or that wheat usually comes in the form of refined, processed foods, is something i'd like to know.\ni don't think anyone would argue that processed foods are bad. when we tease apart processed meat from unprocessed meat, we see this:\n\"in a dose-response meta-analysis, consumption of processed meat and\ntotal red meat, but not unprocessed red meat, was statistically\nsignificantly positively associated with all-cause mortality in a\nnonlinear fashion.\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24148709 @trever bul\nso you admit that it's not giving up animal products that give you your health benefits, it's everything else? like giving up sugar and refined foods, the same way low-carb people and paleo people do?\nodd, when you compare vegans to low-carb and paleo diets, they all have the same benefits. yet low-carb people eat lots of fat and animal products. ditto for paleo people. it's as if, i don't know, the health benefits come from living a healthy life-style, cutting sugar, processed carbs, exercising, giving up cigarettes and excess alcohol. it's almost as if, i don't know, the whole \"give up animal products\" is not true and it's all the other stuff that makes you healthy. over 255000 views but no comments yet? countries with the highest carb consumption have the lowest type 2 diabetes. sorry but i honestly believe this lady is on the dairy or meat or both payroll. animal fats and oils are the main cause of type 2 diabetes. this talk has many flaws, the largest being the failure to distinguish between the large variety of carbs. flatly recommending to reduce carbs is very bad advice. i am very confused as to why a md would give a talk like this. a wonderful talk on how we are eating in this country is causing disease and what we can do to bring ourselves back to heath - naturallly. i don't agree with her on this point - cut out the carbs and take more fat.\nfat is calories dense and will add more fat to your body which is bad for insulin resistance.\na more sensible solution to obesity and diabetes is to cut out all simple or refined carbs (sugar, bread, potatoes, rice, anything made with flour) and take complex carbs instead (fruits, vegetables, etc). complex carbs are high in fibre, so it takes a longer period for the carbs to be digested, so a more gradual rise in blood sugar. also complex carbs make you feel full, so you have less desire to eat more.\nmy recommendation is zero simple carbs, usual amount of proteins and fats and replace the simple carbs with complex carbs). @darren villa all the studies show you are wrong and she is right. when people eat ornish-style diets (80% complex carbs, 10% fat) and compare their results to low-carb, high fat, low-carb is superior in every level. low-carbers lose more fat, decrease blood pressure, decrease blood-glucose, decrease ldl cholesterol, and increase hdl cholesterol all at greater levels than eating high complex-carb, low fat diets.\nfurthermore, diabetes is your body saying you can't control your blood sugar. carbs raise blood sugar, even the complex ones. fat does not raise blood sugar. all the recent studies about fat and saturated fat show it is in no way associated with cardiovascular disease, coronary heart failure, or all-cause mortality. fat has been demonized and carbs put on a pedestal and we got epidemics of heart disease, obesity, and type-2 diabetes. listen to the speaker tell you the truth that you've been denied for over 50 years. what if you mix carbs with fats? does it have the same insulin response?? @mario chao\nwhat is?? but i love how you guys act like im crazy for telling people to eat lots of fruits and vegetables. @trever bul and that's how you became skinny lol @mario chao\nya because those steroid users know all about health and wellness when they advise people to take creatine and other supplements. the garbage just doesn't stop flowing from your mouth. @mario chao\nyou don't have to be vegan to be healthy but you should be getting at least 90% of you calories from plants and only eat lean meats no dairy and you will live a long healthy life 97% of the american population is deficient in fiber is there a spanish version? so, people talking about the lack of rice eating se asians in this thread not being obese etc.\nbeyond their core diet consider their work/lifestyle, eating patterns and emotional attachment to eating. i wonder if the closer one gets to urbanisation/westernism in se asia the higher the rate of incidence of obesity/diabetes through unhealthier work/lifestyle, increase in emotional/attachment eating, increased consumption of packaged and processed (convenient) foods... if you are an insulting militant name caller - your comments are most likely being dismissed. i've had great success in following her advice. just found out i had diabetes last week. was recommended to diathrive to get all diabetes supplies. by far the best customer service ive ever dealt with and also the cheapest. they will save you a ton of money on diabetes supplies!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/diathrive/1587158634868223?fref=ts great talk. just love it. i was vegan and vegetarian for decades and got so sick from all kind of inflammation from the high carb diet. after 1 year eating less than 50 gr of carb per day, mostly from raw vegies, i.e. kale, dandelions, nearly all inflammation is gone and amazing rejuvenation, and better body composition, i.e. gaining lean muscle with little effort. and great satiation with good fat, i.e. spoons of grass-fed butter all day. we need more doctors like this. http://annals.org/article.aspx?articleid=746013 lets get realistic! this diet could work or not but do you really think most diabetic patients are going to stick to it? this kind of atkins-like diets are so full of weird fake\"carbs\" foods like those shown in the video. you can bought them already done (atkins again) or you can make them from scratch as she does. in any case only the most affluent and motivated patients are going to follow this diet for an appreciable span. please check the prices for coconut flour, carb-less pasta and similar stuff. later check dr. mcdougall's talk here in ted. you will seem the same results in a simple, economic andeffortlesscarb-rich diet without exhausting your imagination trying to create a low carb flapjack or whatever. just saying. @crasch net\nget it right its less then 50 grams of processed meat a day - less than two slices of bacon - increased the chance of developing colorectal cancer by 18%. now in group 1 placing cured and processed meats in the same category as asbestos, alcohol, arsenic and tobacco and places red meat in group 2a. so if your eating more then 50grams your chances get higher. but guess what as you increase your intake of dietary fiber your chances of getting colorectal cancer go down. +trever bull eating process meat will increase your chance of cancer by 18% which means. when eating process meats, you are 6.8 percent compared to 6.3 percent who do not eat process meats of being diagnosed with a cancer in your life time. it's correlation not causation. @eric k\nand no eating animal products a couple times a month wont kill you, mr. \"i eat bacon eggs and sausage every day for breakfast\" but will cause complications in later life but eating that crap all day every day will kill you. @guaycura\nwell this page keeps deleting all of the data i provide. the results seem good. i can understand how diabetic patients can be helped with a low carb diet. but what bothers me is the high fat recommendation. she doesn't distinguish between unsaturated or saturated fat. this is important because science has shown saturated fat is bad for the heart.\ni found myself thinking , \"great you treated the diabetes but did you consider any unintended consequences?\" if half of americans have an insulin issue then there is a good chance that some, if not most, have other issues that also need to be considered when recommending a certain diet.\nit is this kind of thinking that makes me wary of following any diet even when its pushed by a doctor. i tend to view my food not just for its calorie, fat, protein or carbohydrate levels, but for its overall nutrition density. i worry about vitamins and minerals. @bnpixie1990 as of this year, the us dietary guidelines no longer place a limit on overall fat, cholesterol, and saturated fat because there is no evidence that they are bad for us. low carb, high-fat diets actually cure atherogenic dyslipidemia and the effect is usually better with saturated fat. what are the examples of zero carbohydrate foods? does anyone know? i can't really see what is in those plates besides mushrooms. anyone? this is exactly what i teach in my clinic also. great information. an interesting talk on her personal experience and pilot study. however, the evidence in the talk is thin; and it is completely wrong to recommend such evidence in clinical practice, even against clinical guidelines. ted needs to regulate the quality of talks, especially with clinical recommendations, because incorrect recommendations through this forum may be detrimental to public health. u need to carb the fuck up @trever bul\nah, vegans do make me laugh. tell me, do you know anything about rhetoric? how about logical fallacies? at best, your post is a non-sequitur. what does your comment have to do with anything? i'm quite confused. did you mean to direct your comment towards me? is the sugar clouding your brain?\nso let's assume some things: you are commenting on the fact that tonight you ate a bunch of carbs for 1 day and did not get diabetes. to a vegan mind, i'm sure that makes sense, but not to one who understands science. someday, you too may realize that one meal does not cause or cure diabetes, but i guess today is not that day.\nmaybe you are commenting on the video you are currently trolling? the fact that the lady uses low-carb diets to reverse diabetes does not mean that a high-carb diet must necessarily cause diabetes. my 20-year-old niece eats nothing but junk food like pizza, mcd's, cookies and other junk (lots of processed red meat and bad carbs). she does not have diabetes despite eating like this for years. i assume you think that she is a medical miracle because she is thin and appears to be in fine health.\nsomeday you will learn about science, anatomy, physiology, and biochemistry. but we know today is not that day.\nthanks for showing us that vegans don't have the slightest idea about how science, physiology, or biochemistry works. i would delete that post if i were you. it makes you and your cause look really bad. i can't imagine how you thought it made you look smart or educated. i believe almost all vegans have a very cult-like mentality. your post is very strong evidence that i'm correct. vegans are religious zealots trying to spread their cultish beliefs, regardless of the fact that they are strangers to science, biology, and biochemistry. thanks for the proof. @huai li i just ate half a peach cobbler as part of my dinner, i don't normally eat fruits and simply sugars with dinner but im staying up late tonight.\n4 peaches calories 120 cabs 15g sugars 26g\n1.5 tbs maple syrup calories 78 carbs 13g sugars 18g\n2 tbs whole wheat flower calories 51 carbs 11g sugars 0g\n1/6 cup apricot preserves calories 133 carbs 32 sugars 29g\n1/4 cup quick cooking oats calories 42 carbs 8g sugars 1.5g\nequaling calories 323 carbs 119 sugars 74.5 so if eating carbs make you diabetic i must be some medical mystery @trever bul\nok, you found that people who are health conscious seem to make better life-style choices than people who aren't health-conscious. kudos. doesn't show anything near what you believe (or more likely, your high-priests told you to believe) it says.\nfor one thing, it's an observational study. this means it's almost worthless. you see, those of us who have taken elementary science classes are taught this very important phrase: correlation does not imply causation. that means correlation/observational studies like this can never show causality. for example, ice-cream sales and drownings are very strongly correlated. that means, if your study is correct, we just need to figure out if ice-cream sales cause drownings, or if drownings increase ice-cream sales. oh yeah, neither is true, because observational studies can't show causation and are full of \"confounds\". they are almost worthless at the best of times.\nsecond, this study requires food recall. peer review periodicals have declared these as completely inaccurate and thus unreliable. the reason is simple: nobody can remember what they ate in the last month, 6 months, or year with any degree of accuracy. if you can, congrats because you are abnormal; meaning that even if you are accurate, the rest of the people responding are not, making your contribution meaningless.\nlast, here's a blog post that answers everything you think and will ever post. it's full of science and facts, so it will appear strange and unusual to vegans. http://www.fathead-movie.com/index.php/2015/03/31/to-the-vegetarian-evangelists-updated/ @trever bul\nbetter, but completely irrelevant. your first study says that your diet is better than ada diet, not low-carb. i agree that ada diet is crap, which is why a lchf diet is better.\nsecond study shows nothing except it constantly uses the term \"may\" over and over, meaning the study is nigh worthless on any level. also fails to define \"high protein\". i know of no one advocating a diet where you should eat lots and lots of protein.\n(see these things called paragraphs? it makes reading more pleasant and useful to your audience. but only if you actually want your audience to learn something. i suspect that vegans love spewing stuff and leaving, and don't care if what they spew is worthwhile or even readable. kind of like a drive-by, but with info instead of bullets. probably because they fear people will be able to read what they post and call them out on their crap.)\nthird study says a high-fiber diet is superior to sad. no duh. again, lack of relevance.\ndo you have the most rudimentary understanding of rhetoric? you want to get the attention of your audience, and you want to address your audience's concerns to create some credibility. vegans don't know how to do either. of the first 3 studies you posted, none are relevant to this discussion. you are saying that a vegan diet is superior to a low-carb, high fat diet. nothing you posted even comes close to addressing that topic.\ni'm done reading irrelevant studies. post something that isn't a non-sequitor to the discussion which is this: you are a vegan weirdo trolling a video made by a doctor. said doctor shows studies and evidence that a lchf diet is a great way to reverse t2 diabetes. you are saying she's wrong, or that you know better. you have no established credibility, and appear to be trolling. in order to make yourself not appear to be a zealot following weird, cult-like beliefs, you really ought to do a better job at...well...everything.\nas it is, you both are just vegan trolls out to spread disinformation to feel better about your own cause. feel free to post your nonsense on every pro-vegan video and site you want. i know that sounds weird, not going to places you aren't wanted and not acting like a religious fanatic is just weird to you. however, that's why maybe 2% of the population are vegans and more than 10% are former vegans: you have no real science or truth to support your cult and people sooner or later find the truth. the very few of you who do well on such a diet try to convince the world it's for everyone, when we know it isn't.\nnot eating animal products for moral reasons is admirable. spreading lies, misinformation, and nonsense (that it's healthy or natural) is not admirable. be free to live your life as you see fit and let everyone else do the same. otherwise, the truth will smack you down each time to expose you as the religious fanatic you truly are. is this person a nut? @michael mappin she's a qualified medical professional who has personally helped hundreds of people improve their health by using science the vegans ignore. the real question is: are you a nut? if not, why not take the time to make an intelligent and useful comment, rather than a derogatory one that helps no one, but damages your own credibility?\noh wait, you're vegan. now it makes perfect sense. i experimented with lchf for about a year. i was so goddamn unhealthy. hair falling out, muscle loss, weakness, horrible sleep, bad digestion, dandruff, bad skin, and most alarmingly i would get a postprandial adrenergic response from eating sugars. it's a good way to inflict stress on the human organism. i ran as fast i could to my milk, potatoes, white rice, brown rice, orange juice. thank you ted!! this is brilliant! i'm intrigued. i'm thinking roughly 45 (mufa, n-3, plant saturates), 20 protein, 35 carb (non-starchy veg, fruit, partitioned from other foods). would you go as far as to recommend paleo? is there a role for dairy? @huai li there's also the consideration of - what are people wiling to do? if it's too severe, they will not follow it for long. not sure what i get. last time i checked my intake, my dietary fat was about 45% & i'm not paleo. good cardiac profile. good metabolic profile. maybe genetics. maybe not. don't eat junk. don't eat process. @crushedroses1048 paleo people debate about dairy, low-carb, high fat people don't. if you want to go low-carb, high-fat, you have way too many carbs. i don't know how you can get 35% of your calories from cabbage and broccoli and apples, kale, and spinach. that's really hard and costly. low-carb is 100g-150g carbs. eat more saturated fat and animal products like eggs and milk for lchf.\npaleo is naturally low-carb, but it's quite debated and there's no set standard. paleo is just eat real food like nuts, meat, milk, veggies, and fruit. many people say to avoid legumes and starchy carbs, but i have yet to see any scientific backing for this. apparently you have not taken wellness forum's class. also, having watched hundreds of patients drop their metforman at 40% in 21 days see 1997 american journal of medicine. my brain runs best on whole grains not refined. the countries around the world know this. you are sharing short term benefit advice. kaiser is going this way. this is one md i will not want to go to,could some tell her the science of insulin resistance @tonycollyweston why don't you, if you're so wise and smart? if she doesn't know the science of insulin resistance, how is she reversing type 2 diabetes and getting people off insulin? sounds to me like she is not only qualified to make these statement because she is a doctor, but also because she has the results to prove it, and the scientific literature to back it up. you are some random person on the internet who will be forgotten in a few days with no credentials or even a citation to support your beliefs. something tells me you are a vegan: they tend to have high opinions of themselves without credentials or evidence to back either up. very nice program on the eliminations of diabetes i f p is th only way to a good. health .thanx to the dr. disagree. this woman is full of herself... see dr. glidden for the best way to help over weight, especially, type 2 diabetics.. to everyone with type 2 diabetes and overweight, don't change a thing, you embraced diabetes with open arms and i hope it blesses you each and everyday, god blessed you with this. what's terribly irritating and actually quite tragic is how doctors and nurses are so spoiled. we are a sick nation that keeps them in clover. you would think they could be a bit gracious instead of mean! unfortunately this thing called \"grain\" has really become an umbrella word. it could mean everything and anything and most likely harmful. and whole grains need to be soaked to reduce the phytic acid in grains. breads are just sugar all over again. sad. more fat?? really?? brilliant! registered dietitians are the answer. the goal is always to reverse type 2 or pre diabetes. individualized nutrition is the answer to determine how much carbohydrate a person needs to succeed long term. cutting out carbs for longer than 6 months has no significant impact. it's not a long term fix, it only causes binges n non compliance. fact. @shannon muhs yeah, i see the registered dieticians are doing such a great job reversing type 2 or pre diabetes. not! i have normal glucose levels after a week and i been diabetes for 10 years. it works i am so happy. i was diagnosed feb 2014 by october 2014 i stopped taking meds. because they messed up and didn't have then shipped out to me until a week later. i kept checking my bg and it was always normal. fasting and after eating.. so i started to eat ice cream , soda not diet, and my bg maintained between 80-110 plus i lost 50 lbs .. all i did was just what i ate stayed away from energy drinks i used to drink 4 monster tall cans a day. it's been 9 months now and my a1c is at 5.0 \"dietary advice about fats and the risk of heart disease is called into question on bmj.com as a study shows that replacing saturated animal fats with polyunsaturated vegetable fats is linked to an increased risk of death among patients with heart disease.\nthe researchers say their findings could have important implications for worldwide dietary recommendations.\"\nhttp://www.news-medical.net/news/20130207/new-analysis-casts-doubt-on-american-heart-association-omega-6-pufa-advice.aspx what a nutter. fat is the cause of diabetes, while sugar can reverse diabetes. msg causes diabetes. so do genetically modified foods. some vaccines have msg in them (criminal) along with aluminum and mercury and formaldehyde. hello everyone ... maybe im stupid dont blame that so much. i dont understand, if i need to cut off the carbs so we have to get rid off fruit or high carb vegs. and turn to eat only fats and proteins. then i will lose the health benefits of those fruit and vegs. i dont know what is the balance amount of the macro nutrients...confusing! @***** yup all the pollutants the cows eat throughout there lives are fat soluble and bioaccumulate in the fats, so one piece of meat has more then 10x the pesticides, herbicides pulse all the growth hormones. (hint hint) obesity epidemic @***** hello thomas yesterday i ask u sth on the comment of yr clip but i deleted it hahaha thankyou for yr response. i want to know that is chicken skin and animal organ is good fats? she fails to note that all of the most nutrient dense foods are carbohydrates. you cannot live on fat and protein. cheese may not cause insulin to rise but it is low in vital life giving nutrients and enzymes. hey another thing, note she took a dig at dr.oz 10:45 what a biotch. lol speak very fast. i don't find this convincing. you want to treat the cause of insulin resistance, not the cause of insulin spikes. as you know, insulin resistance is caused mainly by saturated fats while insulin spikes are caused by simple carbs. by advising people to take a diet low in complex carbs she is actually the one advising people to eat exactly what's causing the disease in the first place.\nnote that third world countries with high carb diets have low diabetes, whereas only diabetes rich first world countries get a lot of saturated fats in their diets. but i don't like fat. i like carb, the pizzas, sandwiches, the subs, burgers, potatoes, pastas, ramen, chow mein, fried rice... i haven't even mentioned focaccia, croisant, cookies, cakes... yum! she has one study, from her own clinic, at the end where she claims to be better than the ada guidelines ... but she does not mention walter kempner's rice diet that cured 2/3 of people of diabetes, high-blood-pressure and cardiac problems when they were in the terminal stage. 14:00 - this muffin is made with coconut flour ...\nlady, are you saying that coconut flour is not a carb? @justgivemethetruth you said: \"14:00 - this muffin is made with coconut flour ...lady, are you saying that coconut flour is not a carb?\"\nneither soluble nor insoluble fiber is absorbed or broken down into digestible carbohydrates. soluble fiber is converted to short-chain fatty acids and insoluble fiber is excreted. this is why net-carbs exists. subtracting fiber from total carbs gives you net-carbs.\ndr. sarah does have a video called \"what is metabolic syndrome?\" where she explains metabolic syndrome, atherogenic dyslipidemia and what cures it on her fitteru youtube channel. have a look. @oliver magoo\nfiber is indigestible ... there is soluble fiber and insoluble fiber. why bother to take the time to write a little useless blurt like that that adds nothing but confusion to the subject.\nsoluble fiber binds to bile acids in the intestines and promotes their excretion. because the liver filters cholesterol from the blood to produce bile acids, the more bile acids your body produces the lower your blood cholesterol level. eating soluble fiber can therefore help regulate blood cholesterol levels and lower your risk for heart disease. @justgivemethetruth it's mostly fiber and fat of which the fiber gets converted to short-chain fatty acids by bacteria in the gut. @justgivemethetruth 11:10 - she is not recommending zero carb. nice try. she ia so right. this was a great ted talk, however i will still consume brown rice. i don't know how it would be stripped of its nutrients. it has 3.5 grams of fiber and 5 grams of protein per cup. asians been eating it for centuries, and japan is one of the blue zones who eats rice, fish, and veggies. so i am down with that. however i went off my diabetes meds in january because i got tired of it. i changed my lifestyle eating habits completely and adopted a regular fitness program. guess what, my sugar levels are normal, and i am not spending hundreds on insulin. type 2 diabetes is a food issue, and people need to get their diets in check rather than just pumping in more drugs. does she mean carbs as in bread or fruits or both she needed tospecifywhat type of fats.....like coconut oil and olive oil, nuts and seeds...not animal fats! also, i know she touched on the subject of which carbs to cut out but she needed to talkmore about cutting outthe carbs that are high in the glycemic load and glycemic index...which turn to sugar faster....like white potatoes, white bread, white rice, and high fructose corn syrup as opposed to spinach, kale, broccoli, etc. randle effect, 1963 fatty acidsblock glucose from getting into the cell to burned. fatty acids come from unsaturated fats/oils, like fish oil & vegetable oil.vegetable oil & fish oil are new to the human diet. i've been eating a high carb, low fat diet and i feel so much healthier. well, of course the ada guidelines recommends eating carbs, and taking medicines rather than reversing diabetes! their major source of funding comes from \"research\" sponsored by the pharmaceutical companies! with the recent change* in the dietary guidelines promoted by the government sponsored dietary guidelines advisory council and by the american nutritionists and dietitians, how long it will be before dr. hallberg will need to give another talk entitled, 'reversing type 2 diabetes starts with following the guidelines'? hopefully, sooner than later.\n*the dgac now says that cholesterol is no longer a substance of concern and have eliminated the restrictions on saturated fat. the nutritionists' group, and, has said that both cholesterol and saturated fat are no longer substances of concern. both groups are saying that added sugar is a concern and that unprocessed whole food is where health is found. what a joke. and she's an obesity doctor? well, it makes sense she's telling people to up their fat intake. more money for her! @sarah shelson nothing wrong with fat, sarah. you andmost americans have been brainwashed by bad science that began in the late 1970's.until a year ago, so was i.\nfinally, recent guidelines have come out stating that fat does not make you fat (excessive calories make you fat, and most excessive calories come from junk carbs, processed crap,and refined sugar, not eggs, chicken and fish).\nand eggs, just because they have cholesterol, do not raise cholesterol in the blood. google it.\ni have no agenda and i am not making this up. have the calories of an egg are from fat. that's disgusting. and yes, junk carbs are awful.\nbut if you load up on good carbs you don't have to restrict. rice, sweet potatoes, potatoes, fruits, fruits, and more fruits will help you lose weight. not fat. restaurants do not use organic ketchup. 6 grams of sugar in one tablespoon. how much do people put on their burger and fries? a lot.\nnot sure how salmon and sauteed chicken breasts are unhealthy. and eggs have been totally vindicated; they do not cause high cholesterol. and i don't like my coffee black so i add milk.\nthe cheesecake, and fries and hamburger bun are loaded with junk carbs.\nthere are plenty of fat vegans because they eat the \"6 p's.\" pretzels, potato chips, pancakes, pasta, popcorn,and pizza (salad style). not to mention bagels and bran muffins.all with minimal fat, but loaded with junk carbs. @eric k ketchup? organic ketchup makes people fat? wow, okay.\nand yes, all the fat in cheesecake and fried onion rings and ice cream makes people fat. not to mention there are better protein sources than fatty animal meats. they're also more ethical. if humans we intended to be omnivores they wouldn't pick and choose. they'd eat their dogs, too.\ncarbs shouldn't be feared. people shouldn't restrict good carbs that fuel their cells. instead of a hamburger they should be eating a whole cantaloupe or a date shake. look at how lean and healthy vegans and vegetarians are who don't restrict calories. @sarah shelson \"america is chowing down on burgers.\"\nit's not the burger. the burger is fine. it's thegiant white flour bun that surrounds the burger, the ketchup and other glop put on the burger, the side order of fries or onion rings, the unlimited refills of coke, and the cheesecake desert that is making americans fat.\nif everyone just ate the burger wrapped in lettuce and a large side salad, and drank unsweetened iced tea, there would be no problems.\nsteaks? not at all. it's the \"america runs on dunkin\" mentality that makes us fat.\ntake a look at a typical supermarket. the bread, cereal, processed crap, ice creamand junk food aisles are five times as big as the steak aisle. she is fucking 40lb overweight.....lol\nalways amusing when overweight people or people with chronic/lifestyle diseases, in horribly and obviously poor health, think they're qualified to give nutritional and health advice. it's like a drunken bum shouting financial advice at someone stepping out of a brand new ferrari. carbohydrates encompass fruits, vegetables, grains, and beans. the culprits here are the grains. we don't need them. we do need the vitamins, minerals, fiber, and phytonutrients from fruits and veggies. beans are a balanced mix of carbs and protein...and great for regulating blood sugar. high-quality healthy fats eaten in moderation will not make you fat. the standard american diet (sad) of processed foods...refined flours and sugars....and a multitude of chemicals... has made us (as a nation)chronically sick. i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in june 2013. my blood sugar was 425 a1c 13.6, average blood sugar 344. i immediately went on a very low carb high fat diet, and started walking a couple miles a day and using the ski machine at least 15 minutes a day. . my a1c went from 13.4 to 6.4 in the first 3 months. eating a normal low carb diet my blood sugar is now in the normal range all of the time. my good cholesterol rose, my bad cholesterol dropped, all of my blood work came out better. my husband and dad both cut down fat, meat and dairy and carbed up and after just 4 weeks their blood sugar went normal (they are off meds) and they lost weight. after 14 weeks, my husband lost 40 pounds, has no blood sugar problems, off blood pressure meds, feels great, energetic. we eat meat only once a week, the rest of time we go vegan. check mcdougall's site if you want to heal your diabetes. if you want to keep taking meds, then just eat like this lady tells you to. or if you want to be toxic due to eating so much meat product, then forget the carbs. if you want to be fat, then eat fat. we eat rice, beans, grains, fruits, vegetables, potatoes and much more. we already ate this way, but we added fat and protein. once these 2 were taken out, health was achieved. the only thing she said correctly: \"eat real food... nothing out of the box.\" here's the other thing we don't have to do: count calories or measure portions. research and see what works for you. but excess fat, too much meat and low carb was causing all of us to be sick and tired. god bless. @mytreasuredcreations i agree with you. but when most people think of carbs, they don't think of fruits andvegetables.\nit is just so much easier to tell a pre-diabetic to avoid all refined sugar and all grains. i don't buy into this \"healthy\" whole grain baloney. once the blood work is normalized (and it will be if refined sugar and grains are avoided), the person can then slowly reintroduce grains and sugar if so desired.\nand somewhere at the 11 minute or 12 minute mark, she does not say to avoid all carbohydrates. anyone advocating her approach would suggest eating tons of green vegetables.\n@eric k but the doctor above did not talk about brown rice, beans, apples, bananas, she talked about animal protein and mushrooms (which technically are not even a plant). yes, avocados are great. never said they were bad: they are whole food plant based, as well as nuts and seeds. the doctor put all carbohydrates in the same category making them all look bad. wheaties are not whole food, it's a highly processed grain that has lost most of its properties and nutrients. eat the way i'm describing on my comments and you should have no problem with carbohydrates. @mytreasuredcreations but you are noteating pasta, bread, wheaties, pancakes and donuts. that is the crap that makes up probably 90% of a typical person's carbohydrate intake.\nand avocados are loaded with fat. sorry, but i have never heard anything bad about avocados. @eric k i don't think you are reading my comments on their entirety. i didn't say eating high protein, high fat would make you diabetic, i said it would make you toxic. protein and fat are good things when you are deprived of enough caloric carbohydrate intake. protein and fat add a considerable amount of calorie to a simple cheap meal (i.e rice and beans). but if you eat too much protein and fat they will overload your kidneys and other organs. your body will be very acidic and will work overtime to make it alkaline again. you will lose calcium from bones and teeth, as well as create stones in your organs. i don't believe you have to be 100% plant based all the time. but i do believe that most of your calories need to come from carbohydrates and not protein and fat. again, do some research. :)\ni had oatmeal (old fashioned oats and water) with raisins and bananas for breakfast at 9:30am. i am fixing lunch now at almost 2pm. we will eat salad, rice, beans, pineapple. i am only now beginning to go hungry. i walked for an hour this morning and ran errands. i feel great. yes, satiety is king! i feel great when i can have all the carbohydrates i want for a meal and don't fall asleep after a meal which typically happens when you have a big protein meal.\nthanks for the great conversation. i really think diet is very personal but i hate when people demonize carbohydrates which has been the primary fuel of our bodies for thousands of years. @mytreasuredcreationslosing weight is mostly a function of calorie reduction.\ni think we can both agree that if pre-type 2 diabetics gave up all refined sugar, and all junk grains (pasta, bagels, etc.), weight reduction would result, and most would never become full-blown diabetics. in fact, just to be safe, i would tell pre-type 2's to give up all grains until they are no longer pre-type 2.\npersonally, if i eat a two-egg bacon and cheese omelet for breakfast (which is about as many calories as a bran muffin with jelly), with coffee (no fruit juice), i can choose not to eat again until well into the afternoon. satiety is king.\nand i don't understand why you would think that my breakfast makes you diabetic. no carbs, no sugar. none. congrats, dr. hellberg.\nyes, everybody, she is correct.\nsome people say she is not telling the thuth, because we are all addicted to carbohydrates, specially refined wheat products and sugar.\nso, try to cut, really, all sources of refined carbs from your diet during a few weeks. and tell me the results. sarah, could you please post a link to the clinical trial you refer to in your ted talk? the idea that dm2 can be treated with a high fat diet is contrary to any other research i have seen. little oldschool. she says thouse people have insulin resistance - this is the cause - she does not at all adress it. it is caused by fatconsuption. typical western approach. \"fat caused your insulin resistance? stop eating carbs\"... if you cut away the carbs.... you will cut away your energy.. sure you will take away glucose which may react badly with the fat, but carbohydrates are the primary fuel source of the body...it fuels every cell.. and how is that sustainable to take our energy source away? it will be a yoyo situation where you will eat a lot of carbs after a period of eating none, because you are soooo carb hungry and then your insulin levels will rise and you blame it on the carbs, when you are eating high fat.... which is the real culprit... this lady doesn't seem like the fittest looking lady that i will be taking advice from. carbs don't make you fat... fat does. lower fat intake, enhance the ability of glucose to move in and out of the bloodstream. the rice is probably covered in oil and what else is eaten with the americanized chinese foods? fish? oils? fat anyone? ya... no. this seems like an oversimplification. we know fruits and veg are healthy for you. they aren't fats or proteins. they are carbs. to equate all a carrot with a chocolate donut is misleading. and to say all fats are created equal is also misleading. i would do your research so you don't fall for a \"too good to be true\" fix. there words: dr. neil barnard.\noh, just kidding. i can't stop there. also, she's an idiot. @eric k with vegan diet you also need to get proper fats and protiens even if you are a vegan.\nthis is similar to the gaps diet that sarah hallberg is talking about. @***** two words: vegan alert! she pretty much sums it up! \"let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.\"\nhippocrates if rice caused diabetes asia would had diabetics decades before they had western style food. the standard american diet is the problem and setting on our dead ass. study and investigate before you choose to ignore or criticize. this is a brilliant talk and it should be considerate if you are insulin resistant or obese! stop your denial and be respectful this is the \"school of thought\" from around 10 years ago here in the uk. as for the ada advice of treating diabetes with carbs? i must be too young and not in this job long enough to have seen that,lol. the low carb approach dr hallberg promotescan work, but the working factor is more likely to be from the patient taking control of their diet, and then it comes down to the tried and tested rule or energy in/out balance (and i'm sorry patients, you are going to feel hungry at times during this). i noticed durianrider's comment, i have a lot of interest in the theory behind this. in short: as the gi tract is designed to process cooked food, eat lots of raw food that's edible, you will never feel hungry and the calorific benefit is low. bearing in mind most current research in root causes of diabetes are looking at the link of waist circumference rather than glycaemic cadence. i'll wait out on this...\ni would always recommend this site to patients: https://www.diabetes.org.uk/guide-to-diabetes/managing-your-diabetes/healthy-eating/butif you need choose a higher protein diet, please consider the sacrifice of the animals which may be involved in this, you can take control of your diet, they have no control... she's obesete doctor and look at her.... her arms etc you can see her bodyfat is way abovenormal... she is obese herself... what a stupid \"doctor\" this person needs to stick to kinesiology and leave biochemistry to a real doctor like dr. neal barnard. she looks like a normal woman to me, certainly not obese. you mean she doesn't have a perfect body? @mreroshan the problem with what you are saying is that type ii diabetes is too easy to explain. real real simple. type ii diabetes is where glucose (from carbs) don't get converted to energy from insulin. the solution is real real simple. avoid carbs. this is the basic explanation. saying to eat carbs and less fats is not an explanation, it is an advice to do something without any logical base. @mreroshan neal barnard? vegan alert! vegan alert! drunkenness level over 9000 so this is why lots lots of american soo fat. they eat fat soo much hahaha.\ncome to my vilage in borneo. we eat mainly rice and veggies its tons of carbs.\nno one is fat in my vilage. zero carbs? what the..... vegetarian diets are actually effective in reducing type 2 diabetes. i wouldn't trust someone who obviously hasn't done any research about what she talks about, as well as looks like a complete meth-head don't believe me? go look at the research, millions have been saved on a vegan diet, the only reason they stopped being vegan is they cant live without their meat, even though a vegan diet is much more healthy, studies show that when cancer cells were placed in blood of a meat eaters vs a vegan diet, the meat eaters blood was dramatically more hospitable over the vegan diet, because the vegan diet protects 61% more against cancer cells over the meat eaters, these low carb diets arent healthy for you in the long run, because your brains main food source is glocose, and requires at leased 120g of it to perform correctly, and your muscles have the same issue, while they can use other foods for \"fuel\" they perform at their best with carbohydrates @mark rodriguez millions on a vegan diet. what a bunch of bs. yes!!! this is bullshit dude, diabetes is a state of lipotoxicity, meaning that fat is acumulated where its not supposed to be, and fats are over twice as dense in calories as carbs or protein, carbs and protein having 4 calories per gram, while fat having nine! dr. neal bernard who is the president of the physicians committee for responsible medicine, has cured millions by putting them on a vegan diet, as well as someone on vegan diet also is 61% better at fighting cancer, but please keep listening to this woman, believe everything she says, and keep your diabetes @mark rodriguez it means stop claiming the only way to stop type 2 diabetes is being a vegan. people who go on high fat, low-junk carb,no refined sugar diets stop it all the time. are you calling thespeaker here a liar? @eric k yeah i am a vegan, so? diabetes is not a state of \"carbohydrate toxicity\" because that does not exist, but its a state of lipotoxicity, meaning fat toxicity, i recommend that you check out the studies by dr.neal bernard and forget what this woman is saying people need to learn the difference between white rice and brown rice. brown rice good.....white rice bad. sounds like the medical industrial complex has a conformation bias... that's not a new discovery... jonathan bush called it upper right quadrant syndrome.\nhealthy people are not profitable. thank you thank you!!! someone who finally told the truth! i hope this lady lives to spread this news far and wide!!!\n\"there is a lot of money to be made...\" \"insulin is expensive...\"\ngreat video! god even her voice just screams crazy reversing diabetes sounds like drug rehab; it's a life-long battle, slip and you got diabetes again. this woman is a ditz. her advice directly contradicts the tedx talks i just heard from dr. neal barnard. each doctor swears by their own protocol and patient cures. in the end, each person must be attentive to his own body and be his best own doctor. please, dr. hallberg, be honest next time and explain that these three curves (04:18) are only a qualitative representation of the short term effects of consuming the three macronutrients in isolated form under certain circumstances (like having the predamaged metabolism of a person eating the western diet). please also explain that nonlinear synergistic effects are observed when those macronutrients are consumed in combination (e.g. a small amount of chicken added to a rice dish >> twice the insulin response) which happens to be the rule in the real world. please also explain that the effects look different on different time scales (even white rice and white sugar restore insulin sensitivity long term as shown by e.g. kempner et al.).\nthe big picture might be more complex and less popular but it will allow you to draw more useful/helpful conclusions and give less harmful advice next time.\nfats, especially saturated (= animal) and trans (= animal/hydrogenated) fats stored in muscles, the liver and the pancreas, are the reason for insulin resistance (see e.g. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18460913 where they are doing further research based on that knowledge). that is nowadays established and a general consensus in the scientific community.\nthat short term insulin response shown here (which is only observed under unfortunate conditions) is of little importance compared to the long term effect. average insulin levels strongly depend on fat buildup + the short term insulin response to a meal strongly depends on fat buildup and the amount of fat present in the blood. it looks also completely different if you have removed most of your visceral fat and frequently deplete your gylcogen, e.g. through exercise.\nproof through intervention: people like me who eat a high to very high carb (80-90% carbs) whole foods diet (>100g of fiber per day, no processed/refined foods, 3000-5000kcal/day) have super low average insulin and blood glucose levels (judging by hba1c), lose lots of weight (in my case ~70lbs) and restore their insulin sensitivity (fasting blood glucose down from almost 100 to 60-70 mg/dl). they also reverse all symptoms of the metabolic syndrome (in my case: bp down from 140/90 to 110/50, resting heart rate down fom 60+ to 45-50 bpm). esselstyn et al. have demonstrated that advanced cad can be completely reversed in ~6 months. high carb low fat is also the most effective ms treatment known to man, roy swank concluded after 50 years of research on the subject.\npeople have demonstrated over and over again (using foods like watermelon juice, bananas, potatoes, rice,...) that there is no such thing as a blood sugar spike/crash if excess fat is removed from your system and your glycogen stores are not completely full and you eat whole foods. instead, there is a moderate, rather slow rise and fall just like it ought to be. no over- or undershoots, no cravings, no nothing. if you do experience these effects, you already are sick and need to get the fat out of your system!\nit is highly misleading to the point of careless to draw three arbitrary curves in powerpoint that provide very little and incomplete information and draw conclusion from that. what her advice does is mask/suppress symptoms short term while the metabolic imbalance is getting worse long term. this has been demonstrated over and over again. it is quite hard nowadays to ignore the evidence. still some people seem to succeed...\np.s.: is she being paid by certain industries? she does not present any peer reviewed studies to support her claim +highcarb schwabe highcarb works for you? that is great but did not work for me at all. . she cured hundreds of diabetic patients with low carb, what have you done? highcarb cause vldl which is real problem of cvd +eric k do you sincerely rely on webmd. the article is so twisted. i'm sure this woman has some great ideas, but, fuck, her mannerisms are just infuriating!\nthey just seem so.... patronizing or something. it feels so robotically scripted, and i feel like she thinks i'm an idiot.\ngah! oh well, more carbs for me if no one else will eat them\n80-10-10 straight vegan brah. i was diagnosed with type 2 a couple of years ago. my numbers were so high i started to go blind. i quit sugar, starches, and carbs, like my life depended on it. i lost a lot of weight, gained a lot of muscle, and my sugars are now perfect. i still take 1000mg of metformin daily, but everyday i get better. dr. hellberg is right. forget about guidelines. food is medicine. exercise at least 30min. a day. stay calm. it works. a: ketosis \"dr. hallberg received her doctor of osteopathic medicine degree in 2002\"\nmeaning she's not a medical doctor. +putboy she is a doctor and yes she is licensed by the state to practice medicine. in fact, for years my doctor was an osteopath. @putboy regardless of your view of her work, d.o.'s are absolutely recognized by the medical community. their training is pretty much identical to m.d.'s @eric k she still hasn't cured the insulin resistance with this dietary advice. she merely makes it so that the pancreas has to work a little less hard, but will probably work harder still than supposed to because there is still insulin resistance in the body. even this, while admittedly being better than medicine, is just treating symptoms, not the disease. the only thing she prevents is the damage done by high blood sugar levels by not eating too much sugar and let the body run solely on its fallback fuel. it's just the prevention of having to add insulin externally because the body can't produce enough to overcome a shit load of wasted insulin that can't be used.\nbut, again, in the short term way better than medicine, i'll give her that. @eric k no, it being incorrect makes it incorrect. @putboy it's her life's work. she is very passionate and has real world success with her patients. just becausewhat she issaying is against you religion does not make it incorrect. bullshit. the cure for type 2 is fruit n veg i.e. carbs. \"we don't need carbs\"? sure... just live off meat and dairy, see how that goes for you. fruit n herbs for the win! @eric k\nshe said we \"don't need carbs\", since fruits n veg are carbs that is saying we do not need them. whereas in fact they are our ideal food and low whole plant diets are the cause of most disease. @daniel skipp vegan alert! she didn't say no carbs. she said no carbs from junk crap (pasta, bread, cereal, white rice), if you have type 2 or pre-type 2. get it? this is bullshit, listen to doctor neal bernaerds program for reversing diabetes. @***** vegan alert! this dumb bitch is giving the most terrible advice in this speech. high carb low fat diet has been proven by many doctors to have been the most healthy diet. look it up. go home troll @colin maharaj i could say the same thing about high carb low fat diets @john ron she is speaking from experience. the intro at the top says........\n\"her program has consistently exceeded national benchmarks for weight loss, and has been highly successful in reversing diabetes and other metabolic diseases.\" @eric k blablabla @john ron apparently, it can't be said enough. the ada sucks, and their diet sucks. they have no interest in curing diabetes. they just want you t livewith it for 30 years. read up on dr. ornish and brenda davis and dr. mcdougall. plant based diets that reverse disease.\nshe'sprobably getting paid in the millions by the dairy and meat globalists. @joat 77 millions? no, probably billions! she's laughing all the way to the bank. my spies tell me she eats broccoli and cabbage for breakfast, lunch and dinner. saturated fat tastes like ass....cos it normally is....dead cows ass. carbs are not the enemy. carbs are not the same. carrots aren't coke, bananas aren't bagels.....this ted talks sucks ass.....sad dead slaughtered cows ass. +aitch dee boy you sure put eric k in his place. no avatar! how unscientific!?! +eric k yeah......and you have all the credibility!! can't even lift your fat fingers to upload an avatar to your trolling account! +eric k damn. put in my place. cheers homie. @cgbody toby\nvegans have no credibility when it comes to nutrition. none. of course a healthy vegan diet is great. but 99% of people cannot and will not do it. so you eat animal fats. nothing wrogn with it. avoid refined sugar, grains, trans fats and junk processed food. so essentially we are supposed to take the advice of what is a weight loss coach rather than an actual medical doctor? but the ted talk makes people think she's a doctor, thus somehow giving her more credit? and we're supposed to think that a woman who literally makes money off of people being obese would have better advice on diabetes than dr. neal barnard, whose plant-based diet has been scientifically proven to reverse and prevent diabetes? jesus. wake up, people. it's so sad to see someone giving out the wrong information and promoting a diet that the world cannot sustain environmentally. she obviously doesn't know what she is talking about. +alex apland yes... but asians not eating bread, potatoes, pasta, and sugar. yes they eat rice... but also a whole lot of non-starchy vegetables with a lot of fiber (which count as carbs, but your body can't digest fiber so it's not absorbed). they also eat meat in smaller quantities but cook with a lot of oils.\ncompared to a normal \"american\" high carb diet, the asian diet consumes a totally different carb composition. @alex aplandi've read the \"china\" study.\n* one, it's correlation not causation.\n* two, he could not replicate his data.\n* three, a good percentage of the people he studied were starving. guess what, a lchf diet put your body in ketosis, same thing with starving.\n* four, (and this one is a major point) it doesn't\"t have any evidence on how to treat diabetes.\n* five, most of these people in the study did not get modern health care. rural people did not test for diabetes. they are just starting testing for diabetes now and finding that diabetes has been prevalent all along. they have the highest rates of diabetes in the world!\nhttp://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2013-09/tjnj-sep082913.php\nand i quote, \"the estimated prevalence of prediabetes was 50.1 percent in chinese adults: 52.1 percent in men and 48.1 percent in women. rural residents had slightly higher prevalence of prediabetes than did urban residents, especially in men. additionally, prediabetes was more prevalent in economically underdeveloped regions, as well as in overweight and obese persons.\"\nthis was rural and underdeveloped areas that live on rice and vegetables and some meat. (high carb and starchy) that counteracts the original china study data completely.\nsomeone did do their research.\nin a written debate with campbell in 2008, nutritionist loren cordain argued that \"the fundamental logic underlying campbell's hypothesis (that low [animal] protein diets improve human health) is untenable and inconsistent with the evolution of our own species.\" campbell argued that \"dietdisease associations observed in contemporary times are far more meaningful than what might have occurred during evolutionary timesat least since the last 2.5 million years or so.\".the book was reviewed by harriet hall, a physician and skeptic who writes about alternative medicine, in a blog entry posted on the science-based medicine website in 2009. hall argued that the book had references which do not support directly the claims made by the authors. she also stated that the book does not explain the exceptions to his data for example that \"stomach cancer rates are higher in china than elsewhere in the world\" or that there are countries whose diet includes high intake of animal protein, like maasai and eskimos, but that do not have the health issues described by the authors.\nhere is cornell university review and their own research (nicknamed china study ii)\nhttp://www.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/~china/monograph/\ndiscredits the china study almost completely due to it's bad research and collations and non-causations.\nthe study did not take into statistics of prevalent stomachcancer with in the population.\nlearn read the studies and follow where the evidence goes. don't have presumptions. any skeptic would follow where the evidence goes.\nand stop with the ad hominon. it's not my ego, it my knowledge in studying and practicing in the science fields and researching my condition.\nare you a diabetic?\nif you are, are you working with a endocrinologist?\nbecause if you are not. you haven't done your research.\nby your dogmatic trolling, you seem to be a vegan/peta pusher. so is mcdougal,gregor and barrard. they believe that they have to push veganism to save the world, not really for the dietary health of diabetics.they have stated this time and time again. a perfect example of this was the link of their interviews. i bet you didn't even listen to it. just ignored it because of your intellectual dishonesty and congestive dissonance. i have cited over 50 studies. you have cited none. you have not counter one of my studies. not one. not one link, to a scientific journal or periodical. you just make claims of anecdotal evidence.. not even one link to cites a study. and that study has major problems with its conclusions and data. who's letting their dogmatic ego getting in the way here? if you prove me wrong, good for you for advancing my scientific knowledge. but so far all you mention one study that have been critically reviewed to be wrong or do not support your assumption, (which you could not cite the periodical or journal)\ni'm calling you a troll till you answer my questions and/or cite real studies like any other real research would. cite your evidence. dude, just educate yourself. let go of your ego :) have you ever heard of the china study? or dr. mcdougal? or dr. gregor? dr. niel barnard? have studied cultures living off primarily carbohydrates? no diabetics, no heart disease, and almost no cancer. this woman . . . *face palm* . . . we don't need carbohydrates?... goodness me, how misinformed can a person be?! i feel sorry for her patients. @anna black watch from 11:05. then retract your statement. the environment we evolved in was dominated by energy acquisition and expenditure, which means we used up the energy we ate. i don't see a billion rural chinese getting obese on their carbohydrate-centric diets. same with a few billion indians. that's all starting to change now due to the american-style diet they're adopting, of course. in a few decades they'll be as confused about food as we are and they'll need extreme fixes like \"eat few carbs\", and they'll suffer the consequences to their health as well.\nin place of the environment in which we evolved i see people who sit in front of the tv or computer after dinners every night for decades needing interventions like \"low carb diets\" to keep from dying. i also see nothing but confusion about how it's come to this. it's really sad, this state of affairs. @andrew clancythe china study is a deeply flawed document. look it up.\nand we don't have a high-fat diet. we have a high-donut, high-bagel, high-coke, high-all you can eat pasta places, high-dorito, and high-crap diet. too much refined sugar and too much junk carbs.\nwe started getting fat in 1980, just when the government told us to go low-fat.\nwhen you order a big mac, fries (with sugary ketchup piled on) and a coke, the burger has very little to do with weight gain. it's all the other crap.\ntoday i had an omelet - two eggs, two slices of uncured turkey bacon, and cheddar. no junk carbs and no sugar. washed it down with coffee. less then 300 calories. it's so filling i won't even have to eat lunch today if i choose not to.\ntypical american breakfast - bagel with cream cheese and orange juice. twice the calories, loaded with junk carbs and sugar, and less satiety (at least for me). that's why we are fat. your reasoning does not hold up. at the time of the china study, \"inactive\" chinese ate 30% more calories/kg body weight than americans. the authors said the \"paradox\" may be attributable to increased exercise among the chinese but ultimately believed it was due to dietary composition differences - specifically the consumption of a high fat, high protein diet among americans versus the high carbohydrate low fat and protein diet of the chinese. @andrew clancy we wouldn't be obese either if we at the same exact diet as the rural chinese. why? because they eat far fewer calories than we do, including just about no refined sugar, bread, pasta, processed food and other crap.they also eat fish, chicken and veggies, not just rice.\nthe issues becomes what to do once you are diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, which is what is being addressed here. once you are diagnosed, you eliminate things like white rice.nobody is saying not to eat white rice if you are the right weight and are not about to become diabetic.\nget the difference? you're hiding am i really? i wonder why you do not want people to reply. you are either trolling or really are a very angry person. what gives??? you want people to believe what you say or i should say respect what you say but you do not want to return the same respect. for some reason it seems like you are trying to provoke people to anger. what in the world kind of vegetarian or vegan are you. i wonder if you are one of those people who treat animals better than people. i was a vegan and stopped because a lot of vegans were mean and just plain weird. you are not interested in saving the planet or the animals. i think a lot of people are being nice to you in their comments. if they said to you what they really felt i think you could not handle it. i really do not think that you would be so bold to say that to his face or even mine. you are not a brave person. that this woman was allowd to speak on a ted event is beyond me. so off the mark, so incredibly wrong. i thought ted was about truth and health and innovation and all that good stuff, not made up crap like this. yes you can reverse diabetes... with a whole food, low fat, high carb, plantbased diet. #vegan @liv-kristin eriksen another one. vegan alert!!!!! she is so dumb! eat fat to lose fat. seems legit wtf is this shit bruhhh go educate yourself... it is called lipotoxicity as in lipids (aka fats) daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! 12:39 sure, because grains and potatoes are not natural and all ''natural food'' is high on fat. what a great doctor you are! its not a deices to stuff ur fucking face with pizza junkfood and cake evry fucking day the fact that she is a medical doctor means nothing. they teach virtually nothing if anything about nutrition in medical schools. the only thing taught is how to fleece as much money out of the insurance companies as they can with unnecessary procedures like tonsillectomies and male genital mutilation. i give the doctors i've known a 0 on the effectiveness scale.\nas for myself, i'm aged 52, 33 inch waist, 171 pounds, 99% vegan diet (with minimal junk on holidays) for 18 years, and 30 minute workouts at least 3 times per week.\nshe doesn't even distinguish the difference between plant fat and animal fat, or speak about the high fibre in plants that the flora in our guts digest and release the phytonutrients we then absorb, which proves that she knows nothing of which she is speaking. but what else can one expect from the idiot farm that is tedx talks. the speakers usually form an echo chamber and speak on that which makes the audience feels good by telling them what they want to hear. the people who want to believe this quack are simply delusional. obviously she can't manage to stay lean and fit while eating a shit load of fat. i even feel sorry for her that she doesn't get to eat pasta, pizza and fruit. and if she claims that we need zero grams of carbs i guess she can't even eat veggies cause they contain carbs too @mrspalomitai understand what you are saying. but the reality is 99% of americans will not become vegans. it's just never going to happen.\nthe solution is to eat your plant-based diet, but also eat eggs, dairy (if you are not lactose intolerant), fish, chicken (not fried), and yes, meat. but lots and lots of green veggies.\nwe are mostly on the same page. greatly limit added sugars, junk carbs, and processed crap. i never said that she is fat.\nand pizza and pasta doesn't have to be unhealthy when you make it vegan. sorry i didn't mention that i eat plant based. so none of that greasy foods that are high in cholesterol for me :) but mainly carbs. a low fat vegan diet is actually proven to be the best prevention for heart disease and diabetes. and your energy levels are incredible the whole day and it easily keeps you lean. @mrspalomitashe is talking about pre-type 2 and type 2 diabetics. she is neither. and she will never become one because she will limit her consumption of pizza, pasta and other junk crap. and if you watched the entire lecture, she did not say no carbs. all high-fat proponents recommend lots of green vegetables. and you are calling her fat? wtf. funny that getting rid of diabetes has been achieved by neil barnard and other doctors with high carb, low fat diets. actually they have been doing this for decades with impressive results. and here we have another low carb bandwagon jumper telling people to eat fat. kick out the bad potatoes but keep the greasy fatty shit that clogs up you arteries, telling people what they want to hear so they don't have to make any really big changes, is that good medicine or a sales argument? i don't know man, i would like this to be true as it would make dietary changes easier but i prefer this to be proven in a proper peer researched study on a large group of people like the high carb low fat approach has due to its long run. other than that i think too much of confirmation bias makes people jump on this too quickly. asians have been living without many cases of diabetes on mainly white rice for a long time, now is that epidemic outbreak due to a more sedentary lifestyle of came with a richer diet? in the latter case we need to look at animal protein and fats as the culprit as that is what has increased, the carbs have always been there. @nightgauntger yes, barnard's diet works. but ask 500 random people if they are willing to become healthy vegans. i would guess fewer than 10. and of those 10, five will fail. so it's a total time waster.\nand the rural asians eat no refined sugar, no processed junk crap, no doritos, no bagels, and eat far fewer calories than a typical american. of course they don't get diabetes. white rice, fish and chicken (yes, they eat fish and chicken) don't cause diabetes. but if you are pre-type 2, stop eating white rice while you are trying to stop diabetes. i have followed a similar diet..from being obese with type 2 diabetes, my levels are now in the pre-diabetic range. also i have lost 60 lbs. this really works! :d where is halle berry when you need her? lol in one of her youtube videos she clearly states that her type 1 diabetes changed to type 2 diabetes! (even although type 1 & type 2 are completely diffrent condition) i wonder what her views are about this video because i bet she could add a weird twist to it! haha she looks like she could go on a whole foods plant based lifestyle. so is there a neal barnard / sarah hallberg debate posted anywhere, or on tv? - that'd be one to watch. well, it seems pretty clear that obesity is not really a disease per se, but maybe a response to our manufacture of foods that are much more dense and plentiful that ever were in nature. our bodily cues are doing what they should be doing, so there is no real disease there, it's just that the food we eat do not behave like anything humans have eaten before, and we are brainwashed pretty much by what we hear and what is around us and what we at least think we see everyone else doing. wow, t his makes sense, as a diabetic type ii, it makes sense. so how to start reversing the disease and throwing off all those years of negative emotion, is my goal. it can be done, i believe in that . thank you dr. . after being diagnosed with type 2 i am so confused with all the poor info. i like a piece of toast like pumpernikel or whole wheat that has bran mixed in with it and high in fiber. also she atates eat high fat, i know that avocados are high in fat but i am thinging should i just eat bacon, i wish there was some list of foods to buy and how to prepare them in detail. i am going to an endocrinologist in a few weeks because that was the earliest appt i could get. i use a little milk in my coffee, i like a few beers on occaision, right now now white bread, rice, baked potatos etc. . i have been eating brown rice, pumkin seeds and my results that i see are less frequen bathroom trips. i am not into injection and testing my blood, i gueass i am doomed because i live to eat. \"there is a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick\" i love that you would still have to keep animal fat low, or not?\neven the israelites in the old testament made sure to cut of the fat from the animals. next time you see your doctor, ask him why crocks & gators hardly ever get sick and they don't have medical, medicare, medicade and they don't have medical insurance and they breed and wallow in the filthy swamps.\nnext time you take a hot shower you can tell everyone how it felt to be in the chlorine gas chamber mixed in with several other man made chemicals. i stay away from dairy products, flour products, i stay away from the sweet i& low and splenda stuff. organic food isn't organic anymore because our crop lands aren't what they used to be 100 years ago. every row of crops is different in terms of vitamins & minerals. i believe in having high cholesterol because three quarters of your brain is made up of cholesterol and i also believe that man made drugs, medication, and dope don't cure disease. 250,000 die every from man made drugs. i order 1500 tablets of chlorella (fresh water green algae), 60 tablets a day at 75. knowledge saves lives, ignorance kills. great info for pre diabetics and those with type 1 and 2 diabetes. you can heal from diabetes!!!, but you need to get into ketosos and low carb for a while. latest research says fats are way less dagnerous than we have been told for the las 50 years. check out dr. peter attia. literally the stupidest thing i've heard from anyone ever all the vegan idiots are pissed off i suppose. great video.. lchf works, i reversed my diabetes with it (y) the problem is that i f $@! ing love carbs!!!\ntelling me not to eat them is like preaching abstinence to teenagers.... well said. i'm living proof and saving lots of money from not having to buy all the meds i used to take! bullshit.......talked for 18 mins. didn't even bother to elaborate on low carb and fat.which food to eat ?.never talked on that. can someone give an example of a typical diet for a 80kg male. 2000 calories a day. how low is low carb? 150g 100g 50g? @tdreamgmail i'm a 195 pound male who exercise several times a week. i eat about 2500 calories per day. my carb intake ranges between 30g to 70 g per day. some people say that a low carb diet is less than 100 g per day and others say 50 g. unfortunately, there is no universal definition of low carb. very low carb is generally below 30 g and ketogenic diet is below 20 g per day. again though there is no universal definition for these terms.\ndr. hallberg, how about getting some nationally known professional group to create some hard definition of these words - low carb, very low carb, low fat, etc? it would make communication between professionals much more clear and simple. as you can see from these comments, there is going to be a long complicated discussion of these issues. low glycemic index diet is the same thing. must watch n learn about eating habits ... pack of info ... @simranjit randhawa wow, i have never heard a doctor who actually read the research that was intended to be used in the writing of the rda guidelines every year. most of them don't know the research says we need zero carbs, because the guidelines ignore the data from the research. you can read the research yourself tho. then the question becomes why is the government paying rd's to look at the new research and make sure the recommendations are i line with the data. and another question- why aren't they doing their job?? it is unfortunate that the ada still keeps ignoring the fact that the carbs are the issue. @mickey obermire and the aha @mickey obermire the problem is if they stopped ignoring the facts, the $200 billion type 2 diabetes industry would be out of business. and it's an industry just like any other industry. the ada, big pharma, and the other culprits want a cure for diabetes as much as the auto industry wants to create an engine that lasts a million miles. if you exercise, can this still apply? for example..you burn 700- 1000 calories with an high intense workout. isn't carb use to fuel or give energy for your body. the difference between simple and complex carbs.\nconcerned missy awesome. this bitch is an idiot with an annoying voice. vegetables and fruit are carbs you idiot. tuck shop arms\nsource - nutritionist search nutrition facts in youtube. great diet advice to help control type 2. doctors are assholes.....thinking they know better. all they do is to give you some bullshit medicine with side effects. they don't really cure anything. also the side effect of the medicine will give you another sickness on the long run. it's not just the spike, it's also the load. it's not just shitty carbs, it's the serving balance being so extreme towards carbs.\nbefore you move from a more carb based diet to fats based make sure you're not already in a bad place blood sugar wise or you'll be in even worse trouble. warning nutjob alert\n*fruityfitnatic* is a psychological nutjob. once she's unable to defend her position it blocks you & resorts to comparing one to her 5 year old. god i feel sorry for her children.... someone tell her she can run but she can't hide... tell her mikielikes recommends a chill pill... so this person *fruity* \"something. stay away from her she is psychologically a mess. if you disagree with her she has a mental breakdown.\nweird lady 4 sure... she will block you as soon as she sees she can't debate you to her success...but she takes everything way to personal....\nremember you have been warned dr. barnard gave a ted or tedx talk, and he has a different solution. dr. wallach suggests that mineral depletion of soils is the reason. excellent talk! lets hope that more mds will reeducate themselves on nutrition. stuffing kids with sugary foods, chocolates and junk puts the pancreas out of whack..while the individual who is fat may not be the one to be blamed, it's uneducated parents who feed their children the wrong foods....then of course the usual trend to look for a sitting all day job in an office where food is not digested as there is no movement....automated gadgets further compound the issue......you eat but you don't burn what you eat and then what do you expect? one does not need a doctor or a rocket scientist to tell us the problem is with our way of living today. check videos on tribes in the amazon and you won't find one single obese person there....won't find obesity in villages in india where people have to do hard physical work for a living......let's change our lifestyles and eat correctly from birth onwards, insist on a daily dose of physical activity and see how quickly obesity will be eliminated eat low glycemic index foods and exercise so you use up the sugar in your system it's quite easy. i recently watched a video by dr. mcdougall claiming you cure type2 diabetes with starch and white sugar...\nno that sounds crazy to me. i small potatoes has my blood sugar at 200 hours after consuming it. are type2 ' s going to cure their diabetes by spiking gluclose over 400 until their kidneys die or the patients go blind?\nhow is it that he thinks more consumption sugar cures diabetes? it seems to be akin to snake oil salesman claim to me than a true cure.\nhow long does one according to him need to eat starchy foods before their diabetes is cured?\ni've had my best experience with ketogenic diets which are quite the opposite in that you highly restrict carbohydrates and eat high fat, moderate protein & small ratios of carbohydrate... a ketogenic diet had me off my insulin in 3 days flat, and i've been insulin free ever since now over 1 month...\nbut to tell people to eat sugar to cure diabetes sounds like quackery.... 5:23 well done doctor ,you just said it clear without fear. hippocrates would have delighted your talk.\nthose conflicts of interest are the dark side of the humans . yes! i love that you used tedx to spread this wonderful news! holy christ, she's just cashing in. here come the vegan carb conspiracy whistle blowers. i fat shammed 10 people into getting thin. it works! can non-diabetics use metformin to keep their insulin low? no gps = no grain. no potatoes. no sugar. excellent plan ! eat plenty of leafy and colored vegetables, good fats, and good meats. real food. you will be on the road to health. read \"grain brain\" by dr. david perlmutter. @doctorxring i haven't eliminated sure but i do watch my intake of refined sugar. even before starting a starch based diet i was reducing my intake of refined sugar. it seems the one thing most diet promoters can agree on is that refined sugars are to be avoided. @transhealthy good luck to both you and dr. mcdougall. i trust that you are steering clear of sugar, white flour, and white rice, as dr. mcdougall recommends. so it's not an absolute anomaly between what you two are doing and what dr. hallberg suggests. and if i had to pick one item from the three (sugar, grain, potatoes) to reject from my diet it would without question be sugar. if you are still eating sugar and losing weight, then yes, you are an anomaly. call dr. spock ! @doctorxring i have been eating grains and potatoes lately. something must be wrong because i am losing weight. so one of to things is going on here. i am an anomaly or there is some truth to dr.mcdougall's starch based diet. i haven't been on this diet for very long. so time will tell how much weight i lose. but so far it seems to be working. @eric k hello i went 230-155 i have not always looked like this i use to be fat and sluggish always tired now i feel like im 10years old energy all day. i use to look at kids and say man i wish i had there energy now i do. @trever bul i eat fries. but i don't have any health issues. this speech is aimed to people who do have health issues. lmao....let's promote low carb diets.. i love how every time i claim eric k works for this page as a conversation controller he has never denied it this is it! this matches my symptoms and fits with with all the misinformation, comments and the \"unknowns\" all (there have been many) the thyroid doctors have said over all these years. i am going to explore this more. thank for helping to practice thinking and sharing ones thoughts on subjects of interest ..that does not pertain to me...but i now know a little more about self ,and others and there are a bunch of phds and mds that advocate the opposite low fat/ high carb approach. both cite studies that seem persuasive to me as a non-expert. i think i'll go bang my head against the wall now. @justin rivera\ni'd argue about the sad being high fat and high protein. the sad is mostly sugar, starch, and flour, which are all vegan. now let's look at the mediterranean diet, which has some good studies and some dubious studies, but overall people agree it's good: eat nuts, evoo, and high-fat seafood. it's definitely a high fat diet, definitely not a low-fat, high-carb diet and there are tons of studies praising the diet.\ni've lived in asia. vegans are always praising asians because they believe their diet is mostly rice. this is wrong. they eat rice with just about every meal, but it's a tiny amount of rice compared to the amount of pork or seafood they eat. the pork is not defatted, it contains much more fat than the average american pork, and seafood is not low-fat. this diet trend i found among filipinos, taiwanese, hakka, indonesians, thai, chinese, vietnamese, and koreans i met and ate with. very little rice, unless they were extremely poor, lots of veggies, and fatty pork of fatty fish/seafood. i lived in several different countries and areas in those countries over the course of 3 years and this pattern held. the healthiest, longest lived peoples ate lots of veggies and lots of fat, not that much starchy carbs or simple carbs.\nagain, you need to define your terminology. what is high protein? i was just reading some research in a body-building magazine that recommended a high protein diet where one eats 1.2g-1.6g protein per kilogram. that means a person who weighs 80kg would eat between 96g and 128g of protein. that means if one was eating a 2,000 calorie diet, you still have to account for almost 75% of your calories from fat and carbs. though the amount of protein might be \"high\" compared to what a normal person eats, it's hardly \"high\" in real terms. @huai lii think the problem with most vegans is that they're not properly informed on how to actually eat a balanced diet. i will admit if you're not eating a variety of foods you're prone to future supplementation of some sort. i understand that aspect, but i don't think the vitamin shops are making all their money on the less than 1% of vegans.\nwith hflc to me also says moderate to high protein. with the introduction of high fats, it's reasonable to say that there will be a good amount of protein, which also has been shown to cause problems. if we could agree to a certain point, i'd say it's somewhat similar to the typical western diet which we all know in the long run is not a good diet to be apart of. living in a country where the normal is to consume excessive amounts of fat and protein, i'm not surprised that one of the main killers in my country heart disease.\nif you could just link one long term study i'd be interested in reading it (no sarcasm). i try to be fair and see both sides of the argument but i'm still skeptical on the hflc diet, it just doesn't seem like a long term diet that could improve and maintain fair health. i'm actually starting the china study this weekend, which i have in fact heard good and bad pertaining to my side of the argument. most of my information regarding the vegan diet comes from dr. greger and barnard, with the occasional independent study.\nbut, all health aside, i would like to say that eventually the world will have to go more plant based. i eat plant based also because i have our future generations in mind and believe that it is the only diet that can feed the growing world population properly. so why not base our understanding of health and learning around vegan diets? if hflc is the right diet in the end that's great, but you can practice hflc and be vegan. just wanted to make that clear because at times it seems as though you believe vegans are all hclf when we too have fat vegans. @justin rivera\ni made a long reply and it disappeared. maybe i had too many links. the overall point i made is two-fold:\nbe sure to qualify what we're talking about. i don't know anyone who advocates a high-fat, high-protein diet. furthermore, there are studies where people qualify low-carb as 50% carbs, which is high-carb in my book.\nhflc diets have been around over a hundred years, first called the banting diet. it was a huge success. all the studies recently done show neither fat, nor satured fat is even linked to heart disease or cancer. all studies of lchf show it improves heart heart and overall health. add to this the fact that no society has ever been vegan. our ancestors ate meat. i'm in the medical field, we have to bend over back-wards to make sure vegans get plenty of the proper nutrients because their diets require a lot of supplementation that a normal diet doesn't require.\nthe odds are against a lchf diet being unhealthy as it has a long history of being normal, while the data for vegan diet is weak and sparse as to the health benefits. i know which side i will follow for health.\nif it's for moral reasons, a vegan diet makes sense. if it's for health reasons, a vegan diet has far to go to prove anything. even t. colin campbell's \"the china study\" shows that vegans are more prone to health problems than meat eaters.\ni'd fill this thing up with links, but i think that's why my previous post disappeared. feel free to google anything i wrote for the true data. i personally tried to figure out the best diet for myself and studied vegans for a while. sadly, almost everything they posted as evidence was either bad science or didn't show what they thought it did. the amount of misinformation vegans spread is reason enough for me to be skeptical of anything they say, which has never happened in my research in the low-carb community. perhaps if your colleagues weren't so quick to spread falsehoods, your cause would have more credibility. @huai lii won't lie fat is delicious don't get me wrong, but the problem with hflc is there is no long term evidence of good health. how long until all that fat causes heart problems? there's a reason why the aha says to stay away from high protein and high fat diets, because down the line it causes many health issues involving the heart, kidneys, and liver. none of my views on this diet are opinion based. there just isn't enough research long term to convince me other wise. the longest i have been able to find is a study done on an eight year period. and as a side note, my views on the vegan diet isn't due to the fact that \"we shouldn't eat animals,\" it's solely for health and environmental reasons. carbohydrate is fine but mostly we eat foods that carbohydrate and vitamins have been stripped out during the process. and what's left for us isn't much of the nutrient but starchy crap. everybody got an agenda in the comments. the cure to type ii diabetes is not being a fat ass. something most of the first world is having issues with. eat less you slobs. ugh...people are resistant because of the fat. not a disease @patrick abate no, people are resistant because they are fat. and they are fat because they eat a high-carb, high-refined sugar, processed crap, high-calorie, low-fat diet. nobody is fat because they are eating too many eggs. @*****@vegan gainsyou guys should do a reply video! this lady is out of her mind! @lesley7x vegan alert! um, millions of people get rid of diabetes by eating rice, potatoes, fruit, and other carbs. fat always ends up making people fat... you were surely taught wrong. people, please do not listen to this lady. look up getting healthy with a high carb diet!! reverse diabetes but stroke out at age 50! excellent advice not. no one...absolutely no one has cardiac events with a cholesterol below 150. no one has diabetes with a cholesterol below 150. the longest lived people on the planet, in the blue zones eat starch as the main component of their diets. this \"obesity doctor\" who could stand to lose a few pounds btw, is slowly killing her patients. yes they may have short term weightloss and reversal of diabetic symptoms but they are all going to die of heart attacks or strokes prematurely. and *one* slip up...one bit of cake or bread will raise their blood sugar to distressing levels. she cannot say she cures diabetes because you cannot cure it eating excess fat. fat causes diabetes, protein causes cancer and both cause heart disease. @eric k im sure it does you love hot meat we understand you can't live with out it you have made that very clear whole food plant based diet, proven to reverse diabetes. its also the human diet read the program for reversing diabetes by dr. neal barnard. diabetes is reversed via a low fat plant-based diet. sugar is not the cause but a symptom of diabetes. fat blocks the insulin receptors in the cells causing insulin resistance (ie the insulin can't do its job due to the fat). please educate yourself. sadly doctors don't learn about nutrition in school. fat is stored when calories in is more than calories out not from insulin. every cell of our body runs on glucose. ketosis happens during starvation and illness. as she said people love to hear that fat is good, people love to hear good things about their bad habits. enjoy low calorie meals, constipation and eventual heart disease. but give it a try and come back to me in a year when it doesn't work and you get tired of being overweight and avoiding yummy pancakes, pizza, pasta, bread and other amazing foods. @highlander\njust because you can copy a url doesnt mean you understand half of what is on the page.\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-diabetes/\nhttp://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/ +highlander our teeth is part of our digestive tract, which is part of what is used to distinguish what is omnivore, carnivore or herbivore seeing as evolution gives you the tools to better eat the foods you are likely to consume. in the evolutionary terms our bodies haven't truely caught up to eating meat, we can live on it as part of our diet, but if you only ate it you would get sick fast.\nwe can store up to 2000 calories or more of carbohydrates way to pluck facts out of your ass, so no you dont know what you are talking about.\ntriglycerides are always present in the blood, eating fats is more likely to produce them since they are more coloricly dense.\nalso if you actually move your body like you are supposed to fat isnt built up in the liver because there is no overflow of sugar as its used by the muscles. +highlander our teeth is part of our digestive tract, which is part of what is used to distinguish what is omnivore, carnivore or herbivore seeing as evolution gives you the tools to better eat the foods you are likely to consume. in the evolutionary terms our bodies haven't truely caught up to eating meat, we can live on it as part of our diet, but if you only ate it you would get sick fast.\nwe can store up to 2000 calories or more of carbohydrates way to pluck facts out of your ass, so no you dont know what you are talking about.\ntriglycerides are always present in the blood, eating fats is more likely to produce them since they are more coloricly dense.\nalso if you actually move your body like you are supposed to fat isnt built up in the liver because there is no overflow of sugar as its used by the muscles. @banner man umm no i did not confuse anything, the process glycolosys raises triglyceride levels ie blood fats that in tern will inhibit insulin receptors, please learn real science and not bullshit, again if you cannot provide any proof to anything you say which i have provided and you obviously do not comprehend them i am sorry your point is moot and our conversation is pointless @highlander\nholy shit did you just confuse glycolosis and triglycerides? hahahahahaah, also learn how to spell it. awesome video and i only wish ada takes action on implementing the lchf. it only puts all the money we spend as savings and big pharma can cut this thru!\nhowever i wish there are specific guidelines for vegan lifestyle folks like me. extremely disappointing talk from a healthcare professional contributing to only more confusion and misconceptions amoungst the general public... very short sighted views eg. on carbohydrates not being an essential nutrient, and saying we can produce our own via gng - completely ignoring the fact that this is catabolic, and an inefficient/stressful pathway to energy production... couldn't bear to watch the whole video. @*****can't comment on this, except for this excellent line in the article: \"insulin is important in the regulation of blood sugar, but its importance has been exaggerated because of the diabetes/insulin industry.\"\nany physician who uses the phrase \"diabetes/insulin industry\" can't be all that bad! @eric k\"in the 1920s, \"diabetes\" was thought to be a disease of insulin deficiency. eventually, measurements of insulin showed that \"diabetics\" often had normal amounts of insulin, or above-normal amounts. there are now \"two kinds of diabetes,\" with suggestions that \"the disease\" will soon be further subdivided.the degenerative diseases that are associated with hyperglycemia and commonly called diabetes, are only indirectly related to insulin, and as an approach to understanding or treating diabetes, the \"glycemic index\" of foods is useless. physiologically, it has no constructive use, and very little meaning.\" - dr. ray peat\nand read this too; http://raypeat.com/articles/articles/glycemia.shtml @eric k so explain to me how one whole food carb can be good and another can be bad they both in the long run get converted into glycogen @eric k at 7m47s: \"consider carbs .... we don't need them\" - the only serious shocker is that she's completely wrong!\nfyi - green veggies contain extremely negligible carbohydrate levels when compared to ripe tropical fruit, fruit juices, dried fruit, maple syrup, honey, cane sugar, milk, starch etc. and other similar sources of carbohydrates.\n\"diabetes was named for the excessive urination it causes, and for the sugar in the urine. it was called the sugar disease, and physicians were taught that sugar was the problem. patients were ordered to avoid sweet foods, and in hospitals they were sometimes locked up to keep them from finding sweets. the practice was derived from ideology, not from any evidence that the treatment helped.\" - dr. ray peat\nread this; http://raypeat.com/articles/articles/glucose-sucrose-diabetes.shtml @***** where did she say no carbohydrates? she said no carbohydrates from grains and other crap. you can eat all the green veggies (which contain carbs as you must know) as you want. well, insulin resistance isn't caused by a high carb diet. lots of foods -- including whole grains and potatoes are high in carbohydrate and are health promoting. just because sugar is unhealthy doesn't mean that we should drink cups of oil and eat sticks of butter. a diet high in unprocessed whole foods with an emphasis on plant based sources of calories and protein such as whole grains and beans is what's healthy and prevents insulin resistance. @brent bush i prefer dr. hallberg's program because i am not, and will never be a vegan, which is the same as 99% of the population. given that vegans are only 1% of the population, it's amazing how many have come to this site and feel threatened. it's ok, you can still be vegan. no problem. hi erik, that is quite an analogy! if type 2 diabetics don't want to eat whole grains then i suppose they could eat more beans which are much lower gi in general too, higher in protein aswell. sandra is demonizing carbohydrate rich foods that are healthy foods, foods that are the staples of billions of people worldwide, remember we need to eat something.\nas some other commenters have mentioned, diabetes has been reversed on high carbohydrate diets; see neal barnards program for reversing diabetes.\nso to recap: sugar = nutrionally void junk; whole grains, beans, potatoes = source of calories, protein, fibre, minerals, vitamins, and can be eaten as part of a diet that reverses type 2 diabetes. @brent bush white bread is to whole grains as high-tar cigarettes are to low-tar cigarettes. why would you tell a type 2 to eat whole grains, which spikes blood sugar.doctors don't tell their patients to switch from high-tar to low-tar cigarettes, correct? anyone else concerned about diabetes needs to look at the research regarding milk(type 1) and eggs in developing diabetes. for a better take on diabetes check out nutritionfacts.org on youtube. he is the bottom line on nutrition and diabetes etc and isn't selling anything. bread sandwich... p. s the video i linked to is called \"what diet is best for humans?\" by eran.... somebody . hopefully the spam filter didn't hide my last comment due to the link. dr. greger is confused. brbwaffles... oh they do that all the time. vegan studies almost always take on patients who are overweight, sedentary, over eaters of junk food.\nnext, they push em to exercise, , and exclude all processed food. they also won't keep it up long enough for deficiencies to become overt. or i guess they just supplement them away on the quiet.\nthey'll still claim its all thanks to veganism. wrong. it was as much to do with the elimination of junk food and addition of exercise plus more meaningful life that did it.\nthen, they'll go one step further and say veganism (alone) works well for everyone. no, it doesn't. especially not underweight, already very sick people with tiny appetites doing it long term.\nof course drug companies and some supplements manufacturers play similar tricks too.\nthe fact that vegans claim the moral high ground and then sink to the same sly tricks tells us they're as human as the rest of us.\nalways read the fine print regarding studies. who funded it, and how it was carried out. many times its all tricks. warning.. you will be disappointed....but properly informed . already tried vegan wholefoods for 4yr. worst diet ever. pushed me into prediabetic state.\nworsened my neuro auto immune and my histamine intolerance went thru the roof.\nalso wound up phosphate deficient + vitamin d deficient\ndna test has since shown genes for low phosphates, low vitamin d, poor ability to convert plant omega 3 into actual usable form, and low dao production.\nif you look into all these things you'll see why my very genes make veganism a horrendous diet for me.\npaleo auto immune helping so far altho i have a lot of damage to undo.\nveganism is *not* for everyone. it can actually make some of us incredibly sick. i now hate the sight of ambulances. thanks veganism. his foundation is non-profit but he makes a fortune on his books and lecture tours. he advocates for whole grains; if i eat even a few spoonfuls of organic whole oat groats with nothing added my blood sugar shoots up. i cannot handle carbs at all and his diet has tons of it. i do eat a lot of vegetables and all of my food is non-processed but i positively have to avoid carbs. oh and also remember atkins.... of the atkins diet he was an anti carb guy who died obese and of heart disease absolute garbage ...... visit nutritional facts .org ...high fat means heart disease so let me get this straight you had high cholesterol so one day you had the grand idea hey lets eat a shit load of cholesterol in-order to lower my cholesterol levels. thats like saying hey i got lead poisoning let me go eat a shit load of lead to get rid of the poisoning being over weight you are guaranteed to have high cholesterol but not levels that need to be regulated if your doctor put you on statin at 20lbs over weight you need to sue him for malpractices. i have never heard of anyone being only 20lbs over weight needing any meds for type 2 diabetes or any disorder having to do with obesity. hens you have to be obese to get disorders caused by obesity. @trever bul so people who are20 lbs. overweightcannot have high cholesterol (except for me, apparently). firstly, i should say that your statement is correct!!\nin addition, you must be careful when talking about carbohydrates. moreover, the behaviour of our metabolism is not the same with glucose or fructose: with that explanation you could get the people confused.\nas a matter of fact, everything, fats and proteins are converted to glucose; then the problem is not with glucose. she does well identifying the symptom (i.e. insulin resistance) but the solution is not in this lecture. for the solution, contact me. dr. joel wallach's medical nutrition program has made diabetes a thing of the past for those in his program. i will help you step by step through the same practices that reversed my diabetic symptoms. this video is wholly incorrect. try eating a whole food, low fat, vegetarian diet and 90% of type 2 diabetes mellitus is remedied.\nthe misinformed or disinformation physician in the video says we don't need carbs. let me know how you feel when you're running on ketones, genius. you'll feel lethargic, be more prone to infections and have horrible breath. after a year of low carb high fat diet every human has sugar in their urine which is an advanced sign of diabetes. anyone trying to tell you that a certain macronutrient is the cause of diabetes has no ground to stand on.what a joke. she ignores that fat causes insulin resistance. there is a reason why high fiber/ low fat diets are recommended for diabetes control, because they are proven and save lives. have you ever been there a friend of mine named vivian went to an inuit tribe in alaska she said they were the worst smelling people she has ever met and she use to travel a lot. ya and they die an avg 10 years younger so not really helping your argument. and congrats you pick the one culture that never grew in numbers or took over any lands because the food just wasn't adequate thank you for proving my point over and over past and grains are not junk carbs the middle east is called the bread basket of the world for a reason. back in roman time they concurred most of the known world eating grains. for cereal you just have to find the right kinds my favorite brand is power o's. yes highly processed fiber less flower is not good for because its so broken down and easily absorbed it can give a higher insulin spike than something like whole wheat. @techn0scho0lbus the problemwith low-fat diets ismostpeople replace fat with junk carbs (grains, pasta, cereal). if you can do low-fat withoutgrains, pasta and cereal (and refined sugar), congratulations. but since reality comes into play,she is trying to persuadethe broad audience that will never become vegans, let alone healthy vegans. instead of reductionist talk about carb and fat, eat real food from the farmers markets. avoid refined foods like oil, sweeteners, juice, refined flour, salt, protein powders, tofu, etc. for example, sweet potato is a healthy real food and there is no need to be afraid of carb or fat. avoid high fat diets that ask you to eat refined foods like oil, butter, etc. instead of coconut flour, eat real fresh coconuts. real coconuts come with coconut water. islanders eat lots of coconuts and have no diabetes. eating the coconut meat with the coconut water is harmless and are good fuels as seen in the traditional diets. there's no need to have a phobia of coconut water bec of irrational carbo phobia. reduce or eliminate animal products that have 0 fiber and just take vitamin b12 supplement every day. all animal products have 0 fiber and should be avoided. healthy traditional eating patterns (mostly starch based) like the mediterranean diet of the 1950s island of crete rarely used animal products. this diet ate mostly sourdough whole grain barley bread. olive oil is a refined food and should be avoided. most healthy traditional eating patterns did not use olive oil but they are usually starch based. \"oysters, clams and cockles!\"... high carb , low fat is the optimal diet! lots of fruit and veg! yummy! smh carbs are not the problem, its fat @trever bul right. by giving up 90% of refined sugar, fruit juice and junk carbs (bread, cereal, pasta), and beginning a higher-fat diet that also includes fruit and tons of veggies, i gained 100 pounds in one year!!! is to too late to joint the vegan cult? the majority of my diet is carbs! good carbs,mainly fruit. my current a1c is 5.4 and my fasting sugar is rarely over 110. i have lost almost 50lbs. my doctor flat out told me he doesn't consider me a diabetic. my cholesterol is also down to 113. i eat nothing with animal fats including dairy. high carbs works for me. @richard gonzalez your ldl should be around 40-70 and hdl 60-90 did any one tell you that fat blocks the insulin so that it cannot go into the cell? just cut the fat and you will see the difference. @***** your liver turns excess glucose into fat fairly quickly. unless you have a very strenuous job or exercise program, not all glucose gets burned. also, very little gets used to replenish our glycogen stores because we very rarely deplete them to any significant degree.\nnow, your liver turns all fructose into fat. of course, sugar is half fructose and half glucose.\ncarbs cause the highest production of insulin. insulin helps the liver turn glucose into fat, it keeps the fatty acids in the fat cells and it helps the fatty acids enter the fat cells. some people call insulin the fat storage hormone.\nall in all, carbs can make you fatter and keep you fat - much more than eating fat.\nbtw a scientific consensus on the physiology of insulin resistance is no where near complete. did you know that there are many skinny t2's? i wouldn't say this \"dr\" is obese, especially since her profession ups the threshold every year to pretend they are competent, but she is surely overweight. that big ole butter eating ass and those floppy upper arms, definitely malnutrition. also, she left water out as a an essential nutrient. lol love the info! very passionate! why no mention of industrial oils, such as soybean, canola, corn...? please take a look at dr. campbells website. he is a surgeon and proved that you can reverse diabetes on a plant based lifestyle by testing it on his patients. carb the frucktose up!! @katelin romick no kidding. but tell 99% of pre-type 2 diabetics to go on a \"plant based\" lifestyle and they will head for the hills. tell them to eat lots of plants, along with animal proteins, and they will listen. please listen not to mention the drugs companies the reason why is because cereal and sugar companies run the world. \"we got this notion that low fat was the way to go decades ago. but the recent study just came out to show that there was zero randomise control evidence to recommend to american to remove the fat from our diet and that's how the carb got added in. it was essentially a huge experiment on millions of people, and it failed miserably.\" \"the second reason we don't see it everywhere is money. don't be fooled. there's a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick.\"\nan amazing and well articulate presentation by dr. sarah hallberg! yes, it is so simple to understand, just remove the root cause of the problem. ignore the guidelines. @sarah, any credit to prof tim noakes? @low fats where its atnoakes hasn't authored much original research on the subject. and there's a significant amount of research, done by other researchers, that supports noakes' view.\nand we should now accept that the recommending a high-carb diet, to someone who is carbohydrate intolerant, is very poor advice. this is fascinating. can you share the reference or information source for the graph that is shown on carb, protein fat metabolism as it relates to glucose? reversing type 2 diabetes starts at the grocery store. it is the combination of eating (or drinking) highly processed, low fiber, insulin-spiking carbs like high fructose corn syrup and white flour along with eating foods with large quantities of fat in them that is causing this obesity and type 2 diabetes problem. insulin is the fat storage hormone and as long as you eat insulin-spiking, fatty meals you will store all that fat you are eating and only be able to tap into a little bit of that fat for the few hours you are asleep (when your metabolism is the slowest). if you are eating more fat in a day than you can access and burn, you will get fatter over time. it really is that simple. eat low-fat, highly nutritious, plant foods that are high in fiber (like beans and lentils) for the biggest portion of your meal and stay away from fried meats and vegetables (potato chips, fried chicken, etc) -- these are the foods that cause obesity because they are breaded with low-fiber insulin-spiking white flour and dripping with fat! even if you ate high carb fruits as the mainstay of your meals, as long as you aren't eating a bunch of fatty foods with those sugary sweet fruits, you aren't storing any new fat! ...and any fat you have stored in the past will start to come off because you're able to access more fat for energy than you are eating. @clicktopreview thank you, nailed it right on the head couldn't have said it any better my self table salt is crap other ones are better but most people over do the amount of salt they intake. i guess that is english. i use something called salt. is that ok in the vegan playbook? @eric k so you just eat plain eggs with nothing on them bet not seeing that taste like shit you have to put seasoning on them made from plants bc all animal products are really bland so you put plants on it to taste better because we are not meant to eat it seeing we don't taste proteins with our tongs like cats do fat is the single biggest factor in high blood sugars. read neal barnard m.d. and john mcdougal. i am not a vegan. i do follow a low fat, plant based diet. for me, and many others,thismanages blood sugar levels. @***** vegan alert! vegan alert! do what she says and replace your diabetes with a nice heart attack. go vegan it works. look at the pcrm website under nutrition on your mark, get set.... terrible!!! are you the right kind of stupid to believe her? nutritionfacts.org a high fat diet =instant death this lady is insane. rice makes you fat and gives you type 2 diabetes? tell that to the nearly 3 billion people living in china and india eating rice every day without diabetes.\nfat is what's causing the insulin resistance. the answer is to fix insulin resistance, not reduce carbohydrate consumption. fix the problem not the symptom.\nalso i can't help notice that for a director of fat loss her arms giggle a lot. (disclaimer: i didn't actually watch the video. i'm posting somewhat ignorantly.) i don't think it's right to blame either fat orcarbs exclusively. too much of either one causes bad things to happen, especially in certain forms. it seems to me that consumption of both fat and refined carbs (table sugar, fruit juice, white rice, etc.) should be limited. the carbs in most whole fruits and veggies don't seem to be a problem. likewise, a moderate amount of whole grains seems to be beneficial, although it's much easier to exceed calorie requirements with grains than with produce. a small amount of fat is essential for good health, but it's really easy to go overboard. thoughts? @ian blasch wait, was that a documentary? have you not seen po from kung fu panda! @cory marsh i clicked on this guy's name. no surprise. vegan alert! vegan alert! ok, simply said....the asian diet consists of a lot of carbs, yet generally they are thin/low diabetic rate i know a lot of diabetics on jnsulin-and very few of them are thin. dr barnards theory is to get rid of the fat(on your body) especially in the belly area to improve insulin sensitivity (asians are thin) removing body fat is the key to being free of insulin. rice and potatoes do turn you into a diabetic @rafael mendoza sorry-i meant rice & potatoes do not turn you into a diabetic. i am no dr or dietician-i just use common sense. i don' fry anything-my concern is only with diabetes...though i try to be sensible.... i liked most of what she said. dr barnard preaches the way to regain insulin sensitivity is to lose the fat thru a low fat diet. shes saying high fat/zeo carb. i actually chose a near zero carb/low fat diet and am off insulin. i gave up bread and potatoes, still weeping over that, but enjoyed tossing out my expired levemir. i basically followed a very low gl. diet ok i really hope someone can help me. long story short, i began having hypoglycemic symptoms 2 years ago and i had to start eating every 3 or 4 hours. last october, i was able to finally start the paleo diet. i actually lost weight for the first time in 2 years, and i felt good. but one day, i got so weak that i had to start eating fruit again. well, then i joined a gym and started working out and taking vigorous long walks almost everyday. i had absolutely no energy. i ate a piece of pizza and i felt normal. i felt like i could tolerate the forbidden grains so much better then i had before the paleo diet. now, i eat grains in moderation at most of my meals. i have even eaten half a cookie on days i work out hard, and i feel it doesn't affect me in any way. i can drink caffeine again when i eat some carbs with it and i feel energized and not lethargic. if carbs are so bad, why do i feel normal when i eat them now? why are they the only thing that gives me real energy? i'm a blood type a and i've heard blood type a's can't metabolize meat that well. in conclusion, i'm so lost on what to do. i still have to eat every 3 or 4 hours, and i've tried every diet you can think of- vegan, paleo, low carb, whole grain (i actually do not tolerate whole grains well at all- they are rough on my stomach). anyway this is just a short description of my problems... anyone else who's had similar issues on a low carb high fat diet, please feel free to share your experience. i feel bad about eating the carbs knowing i was diagnosed with insulin resistance a few years ago, but i swear i can't function without them. i wish i could continue doing paleo but i have no energy. @sarah wall i am not a dietician, i can only speak of what works for me. my concern was weight and my diabetes. i recently tossed my insulin because it went out of date-due to my low gl diet. i regularly have pizza-my own homemade version because store bought and take out has a lot of added oil. it is a very simple crust to make oil-free and i load it up with a lot of vegetables, cheese and i do use a thin crust...it does not elevate my sugar. my daily routine is to have a cup ort two of coffee with regular sugar(1tsp) and i have fruits and i do have regular vanilla ice cream about twice a week-sprinkled with pecans or walnuts. i feel great my a1c is at 5.9 i have also incorporated a weight-training regimen-it's just 20 minutes/day with light weights-i am not \"cut\", but i am fit. 5ft 7, 160lbs....i used to be over 200lbs. good luck to you. what about the damage/inflammation caused by eating animal products? she doesn't even address this. seems a little off. atkins diet revisited. why is it that so many speakers accuse everybody of having conflicts of interest except themselves?\nwe should trust them but nobody else. not a vegan. but i do tend towards eating very little meat. @robin benjamin vegan alert! vegan alert! she makes no differentiation among types of carbs. refined sugar is not the same as an apple. she asks why do we continue to recommend that people eat carbs: how about for nutrients!!!! nutrient dense carbs are not the same as empty processed food. seems like a lot of gaps in her reasoning. thank you dr.sarah ..i am going to put your recommendation to practice and will get back to you.\nthank you very much. no evidence. anecdotal stories (including her \"own story\") and the phrase, \"dozens of studies\" are not studies. no reference to publication of her \"study\" and her conflicts of interest, if any. so basically we have another passenger on the lucrative paleo fantasy express. if you are serious about reversing diabetes i'd suggest comparing this doctor's ted talk with the actual research (and non-life threatening results) presented by neal barnard, m.d. also, go over to nutritionfacts.org & browse the topic \"diabetes\". then, if you're still set on trying her ketogenic diet and don't mind risking kidney stones, complications of constipation, hyperlipidemia (& concomitant atherosclerosis), stroke, bone loss, breast/prostate/colon cancer and menstrual irregularities/erectile dysfunction - go ahead! @eric ki can understand your reaction. i was the same way till two years ago when i got sick with recurrent superbug infection. my doc seemed less than concerned as she upped the antibiotics each time. she never mentioned diet or lifestyle. at the time i ate the standard american diet and was a superior texas bbq cook (14 hour brisket in the smoker with a bark that rivaled franklin's). i knew where all the best texas bbq places where near me (corkscrew & gatlins) and made periodic pilgrimages up to the mount zion missionary baptist church for the, then, best in texas (they lost me when they switched their smoker for ease-of-use). i found the best butcher in my area in conroe. used mesquite or oak with fruitwood (apple or pear) soaked 24 hours. so, yeah, i know alllll about it. but i stopped to think about that \"here, just take this\" attitude from my doc especially when she wanted my on statins!!! all i could think of was that scene in the matrix where the machines flew around maintaining the human battery crops. so i did did some research - a lot of research. what i discovered was that the pharmaceutical industry, while churning out medical miracles, did not want me cured. nor did the hospitals or doctors. they wanted me in that not healthy but not dead sweet spot where i had to keep coming back. now i've lost over 20 lbs, my lipids are down 60 points and counting, i'm off all meds and proud to say that this 60ish year old grandmother regularly jogs at least one mile three times a week.\nfinally, what i've discovered in my research is that there are a lot of hucksters out there and a lot of very uninformed people. the hucksters want me to eat plants but tell me, \"hey hey hey you must take this supplement, powder, tincture, elixir and cream...\". the uninformed on the other hand don't do any research, start eating a plant based diet but make major errors (like limiting calories), get sick, quit and make \"boo hoo! i went vegan and nearly died!!! videos. finally - finally (sorry) no, i can't say i'm really 'vegan\". that's a moral choice to live a life committed to not harming other sentient beings. nope. i'm not there. but i do respect and admire people who are able to live that way. and i respect the dietary choices made by others because, truth be known, what other people choose to eat is really none of my business. @sasoon2006 you mean you're not a vegan? could have fooled me. @frannieoh take your head out of the sand @frannieoh vegan alert! vegan alert! what an idiot! so much misinformation being spread. read reversing diabetes by neil barnard. he actually show scientifically and clinically with real patients how a high carb low fat diet reversed type 2 diabetes. there are also loads of diabetes sufferers thriving on high carb low fat diet.\njust the fact she said the body does not need carbs was enough to show she has no clue. she never even mentioned what causes insulin resistence.. she just mentioned it is a phase. well let me tell you insulin resistance is caused by fat! even the graph is false showing fat not triggering high insulin level. it has been proven over and over again that this is false. and finally to say that what happens when you eat lots of fat is you are happy... how unprofessional!\ni would not be surprised she is somehow linked to dr. lustig and/or the meat industry.\ntruly 18 minutes of bs! my problem is we are talking about obesity and diabetes, not the use of animals for food. two totally different issues. if you want to challenge her science, fine. don't challenge herebecause she is not a vegan. yes a vegan who's try to save a few lives. what's your problem? @the maltese vegan vegan alert! vegan alert! excellent info! thank you dr hallberg! why are you promoting heart disease with more cholesterol and saturated fat, constipation from lack of fiber, and lethargy from lack of glucose? glucose is our body's and brain's primary energy source! also, fat blocks insulin from working properly causing insulin resistance. how do you explain away this evidence?http://nutritionfacts.org/video/what-causes-insulin-resistance/ i respect that dr hallberg believes that she is helping people to cure their diabetes, however low carbohydrate diets (atkins/paleo diets) show severe long term ramifications and over 50% of people who take the low carb approach find it very difficult and often give up. heart disease, constipation, bad breathe, fatgiue and dehydration are major factors that affect these people in the long term. dr neal barnard and the physicians committee for responsible medicine present many studies from reputable journals that actively invalidate dr hallberg's claims and show that a whole foods plant based diet with complex carbohydrates (little or no processed foods) can not only reverse type 2 diabetes, but some types of cancer, including the complete reversal of atherosclerosis and heart disease for those who adhere to the diet. no calorie counting or fears of carbohydrates which is our primary fuel source. the epidemiology of many different countries shows that high carbohydrate diets are the fuel of civilization and our mass manufacturing and consumption of meat and dairy products shows higher rate of chronic disease and death. check out the forks over knives documentary and decide for yourself. @justin henry \"4 calories for 1 gram of carbohydrate, 9 calories for 1 gram of fat. simple concept.\"\ni don't know what this has to do with anything.\na bag of doritos contains 17 ounces. the alleged serving size is 1 ounce, which has 150 calories and 15g carbs. people sit on their butts, watch tv and eat half the bag (or more). that's 1,400 calories and 140 carbs. if they wash it down with soda that 1,800 calories. who cares how many calories per gram it contains.\nbreakfast - 2-egg omelet with cheese, coffee - 200 calories. bagel with soy cream cheese, 10 oz. of orange juice - 500 calories. simple concept. and the eggs have no sugar and no junk carbs. you can achieve far more on a plant based diet without suffering from the long term consequences of short term benefit. diabetes is a disease of affluence that has affected the wealthy for hundreds of years in documented history, this is before the rise of fast foods. it's easy to believe something a few marginal health practitioners may recommend. you use your own personal experience and attack the government but ultimately there isn't any strong evidence to support any long term benefit to cutting complex carbohydrates out of your diet. especially when our bodies have specifically designed alpha-amylase enzymes that secrete from our mouth to initiate carbohydrate digestion. i had the exact same view as you at one point in my life, i ended up being constipated, fatigued and sick till i eliminated meat and dairy products. then my acne cleared up, constipation disappeared, energy levels picked up and i felt great. now i eat more complex carbohydrate then i have before and i am trim and healthy. you can't refute the evidence through the epidemiology that's if you know what that means. because you just ignore pivotal parts of my argument and then blame white bread and sugar for making everyone fat. yes, they are simple and processed carbohydrates, but purely by them self they do not add to weight gain unless you're eating it in excessive amounts. 4 calories for 1 gram of carbohydrate, 9 calories for 1 gram of fat. simple concept. @justin henry and it's not the burger at mcdonalds and burger king that is the problem. it is the giant bun that overwhelms the burger, the ketchup and/or sauce that is loaded with sugar, the french fries, and the coke that are the problem. @justin henry there are no \"caloric restrictions\" on a high-fat, no carbs (from grains), no refined sugar, lifestyle (it's not a diet, it's a lifestyle).\nand you know that the obesity and type 2 diabetes epidemic started in the early 1980's, just when eggs and meat were demonized.\nwe do not have an obesity and type 2 diabetes crisis because people are eating more steak, chicken, eggs and fish. we have the crisis because people are eating too much crap. if you give up grains you don't eat half a giant bag of potato chips, pretzels or doritos after dinner, you don't eat bagels for breakfast, and you don't eat giant bowls of pasta. if you give up refined sugar you give up ice cream, donuts, soda, crappacinos from starbucks and other garbage. yes - you can eat this garbage every now and then as a treat.\nhigh fat means satiety. satiety means fewer calories. fewer calories means weight loss. and giving up refined sugar and carbs (other than from fruits and vegetables), makes sense for a type 2 diabetic, correct?\nas far as cholesterol goes, the government just admitted that they were 100% wrong about eggs. eggs give you high cholesterol like broccoli makes you green. i eat about seven eggs a week, and stopped taking statins because i lost 20 lbs. without the statins everything checks out just fine. @eric k in no way am i questioning dr hallberg's character. i believe she is misinformed to the true cause of type 2 diabetes. i absolutely agree the the ada diet is completely ineffective in managing diabetes.\nyes, you can \"cure\" diabetes by eliminating carbohydrates. yes, some whole food carbohydrates do peak blood sugar, but that has only been measured in the presence of meat and dairy products. there is clinical evidence that meat and dairy products cause carbohydrate foods to peak our glucose level, it makes a lot more sense then saying that \"humans were never made to eat carbohydrates!!\", which is a completely unreasonable claim. there is a substance known as intramyocellular lipid that produces a barrier inside the cells that prevents glucose from entering from the blood stream. this lipid is produced in meat and dairy products. you may not believe me, but if you understand the epidemiology and the history of complex carbohydrates, there is no evidence at all that shows carbohydrates causing diabetes, especially in populations that have little or no meat products. all patients who follow a plant based diet have and will continue to see heart disease, diabetes, and cancer remission on this diet. you don't know 99% of americans, if people become aware then theyhave the choice to change, which a lot of people are doing right now. especially with the heart disease crisis, people are trying all these crazy fasting and fad diets just to lose weight. yes caloric restriction makes you lose weight, but it's not sustainable and it produces poor health outcomes which have been proven through large population research studies in many reputable journals.it's all very simple really, meat and dairy have cholesterol, cholesterol blocks our arteries we have a heart attack. low carbohydrate diets were based off a single doctor who died from a heart attack at age 70. he was overweight and had multiple chronic diseases, while plant based diets follow the epidemiology of healthy populations, have over 40 years of peer reviewed scientific evidence supporting it, and has shown undeniable clinical evidence of complete heart disease reversal in case studies, cohort studies and in wide scale population studies. stay on your current diet, and you are still putting yourself at high risk of a heart attack. try and think back to what i said should anything bad happen. might save your life. all the best. :) what a load of crap! fat is the main culprit also for heart disease and cancer. how can this woman be a doctor? it is ridiculous...sorry but our main fuel in the body is glucose! check out the starch solution and get really healthy! @sigrid meeresfischlein do you seriously believe that? if so, did you know that, scientifically speaking, the body can optimally survive without the need of a single gram of carbohydrate, hence glucose? @sigrid meeresfischlein until you get a 95% success rate on reversing diabetes (type 2) with something else than low carb high fat diet... what 8you8 say is bullshit.\n*\"diabetes medications were reduced or eliminated in 95.2% of lckd* vs. 62% of lgid participants (p < 0.01)\"\nsource: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19099589 @sigrid meeresfischlein yeah, so i'm gonna trust the woman that's dedicated her life to studying nutrition, not the random internet dude who can't even capitalize sentences. @skyler zarndt so don't drink gallons of cola every day lol! @sigrid meeresfischlein ...dietary fat does not make you fat. dietary fat is necessary for a myriad of bodily functions...sugar is the culprit for most of degenerative diseases...the body can only store so much glucose in the muscles and the liver...after these storage sites are full, it is converted to fat and stored, and so the cycle continues... she is right on! we don't need carbs. i had type 2 diabetes. i cut the carbs and was cured. no doctors, no meds. no diet.... how? no sweeteners, no grains... eat lots of fat, this is so incorrect. the amount of fallacies and conclusions this woman draws is ridiculous. carbs are essential. it wasn't until i started cutting carbs and focusing on fats and proteins that i started to get major cravings and eat uncontrollably. my weight fluctuated and i always thought about food. fats and proteins are making us sick. animal foods are making us sick. go and check out \"the starch solution\". this lecture saved my life. we absolutely crave carbs and for good reason too... every single cell in our body runs off of carbs. it's the cleanest fuel source you can get. if you want to lose weight, cut the protein and fat levels, and eat all the carbs you need to satisfy that craving. your body screams for it. fat is what insulates our cells, and it's what makes it so difficult for the sugar to enter those cells, hence the rise in insulin. but it will get there. do your research, look into high carb veganism - it'll be the best lifestyle change you ever make. :) hahaha you're not wrong! @laura arbon vegan alert! vegan alert! inspiring young lady. bold brave statements. best of luck to you. soooooo, excess calories in the diet has nothing to do with obesity? i've been talking these points for years and most people are resistant to this information in spite of the facts surrounding our health as a nation.\nwe are fatter, sicker and more dependent on medications than at any other time in history.\nfor the first time we may not live as long as our parents. see amla powder videos at nutritionfacts.org by dr. michael gerger. wow this is bullshit. have you heard of dr. neal barnard's research? that's the reason why you should start with the ketogenic diet! what about high level ketone bodies in your blood, when you digest only protein and fat, isn't it life threatening? what i wrote is quoted from recently published paper.... there areresearches about lowcarbonehydratediet which work, but it still has certain concerns.... and i am really curious what makes you eligibleto say others are totally wrong .... and what's wrong about patient should be under medical supervision? go back to school and read about what causes ketoacidosis...... you are totally wrong!! ketosis is potentially dangerous as very high level of ketones can make the blood acidic, a state known as ketoacidosis, especially for diabetes patients.\nthis treatment isnot suitable for all patients, those on strict diet should be under close medical supervision! i started eating this way for 6 months and my diabetes is cured - i have the same insulin sensitivity now as a non diabetic - i can eat a carb meal including dessert and take care of the blood glucose as fast as a non diabetic. my diabetes cannot be detected from blood work or even a glucose tolerance test. that is cured. @ellenor bjornsdottir leave it alone...we become what we believe...he is cured .. remitted, not cured. i reversed my pre-diabetic condition by eating mostly fruit and greens, some rice and vegetables. my a1c has been from 4.8 last checkup so what she says about carb intake is confusing. i still eat some fats in the form of avocados and olive oil. i dropped the processed foods, wheat, meat and dairy out of my diet. i dropped 40 pounds too. you are an idiot woman. you should be telling your clients to be vegan so they prevent the common diseases we face as a nation (including diabetes). oh, and you tell people to kill animals. so go ahead, continue to contribute to cancer, heart disease, and the death of your clients and billions of inosent animals stop using medicine to treat food. hope your happy that your approach is keeping people sick. well, of course you are, your a obesity doctor so fat, unhealthy people equals = $$$ @rollerpig didn't you get the memo?\nthis is an excerpt from the comment about the video....\n\"her program has consistently exceeded national benchmarks for weight loss, and has been highly successful in reversing diabetes and other metabolic diseases.\" so in short. you want to keep eating meat and die of heart disase. got it. @rollerpig +tash92 +eric kthis lady is a physician but it is unfair to cast aspersions on her simply because of this when her advice is counter to the \"fat is evil\" meme that has been the holy grail of medical advice for 40+ years. nothing wrong with exercise and personal trainers (i have one) but they are hardly the font of good health let alone good information- you will find a wide variety of divergent views some opposing viewpoints espoused by very well informed individuals, most not particularly well informed people.\nas for what sarah hallberg has to say, it rings true to my own personal experience and to other things that i have read. two years ago at age 50, i joined a health challenge sponsored by angie stewart goka comprised of 20 or so individuals from around the country united by a privatefacebook group. i restricted my calories to 1400 calories, did a customized exercise regime, and committed to eating 5f and 5v every day. itwasn't that hard and i lost nearly 20 pounds. i also ended up in the emergency room 35 days after starting with a gallstone. i had never had gallbladder issues previously. less than 4 hours after checking in, the surgeon at the hospital wanted to take my gallbladder out. fortunately, we live in the iphone era and aweb search on gallbladder problems led me to find that sudden weight loss can be a trigger for gallbladder attacks. after consulting with my personal physician we decided to \"risk it\" and defer surgery. i can still remember the smug assurance from the er surgeon that i would be back, maybe in a day. the hospital gave me pain meds and within 5-6 hours i was on my way home. that was may 2013 and i have not been back.\nafter my brief hospital scare, i backed off the calorie restriction, but i tried to keep up the 5 veggie part of things (5 fruits was never difficult) as well as theexercise component. the most lasting impact of the health challenge was that that 30 day commitment to veggies really got me to openmy mind to a wide variety of green foods i'd formerly turned up my noes at. that said, a trip to europe and soon iwas back to my 230 lb starting point (i'm 6-2 so only mildly overweight by american standards). clearly exercise and moreveggies wasn't going to do it and absent calorie restriction my weight had bounced back as it does for almost everyone. i started reading. in college i had read yudkin's pure white and deadly and a nytimes review of one book led me to find a different book by robert lustig as well as a youtube lecture the bitter truth. that in turn led me to read brain grain and i began to clear out all of the crackers,cereal, and other processed junk in my house. ultimately, i read gary taubes good calories bad colories and i recommend it as a long but ultimately the very best book on health and nutrition i have ever read. as i moved to a decidedly low carb diet the pounds started to melt away even though i was not dieting in any traditional sense. depending on the day, i've lost 35-40 pounds and held it off over 18 months. more importantly, all of my health markers have improved- triglycerides (from 500 to 70!!!), blood pressure (from high normal borderline hypertensive to normal range), balance of cholesterol (good v. bad) even as i eat a diet that includes saturated meat fat and coconut fat that is the opposite of what \"conventional medicine\" would suggest. i eat red meat, eggs, and dairy accompanied by lots of greens, a moderate amount of fruit, and occasionally augmented by a smattering of foods i have no doubt are not optimal such as hamburger buns and ice cream.\ncould a similar result be reached using the sort of protocol suggest by neil barnard, furman, ornish (i've read their stuff as well)? possibly, i think there is plenty of evidence that (essentially) calorie restricted diets of unprocessedvegetarian fare can accomplish similar if not better results but denying myself processed junk foods is one thing, going on what is essentially a starvation diet w nominal fat and limited protein would be an ascetic life of denial i'm not sure i could maintain. i've only tried it a few days so i don't think it's an adequate test but plenty of research backs that notion up (taube's good calories bad calories is the gold standard for info about good scientific research).\nbtw, the results of the china study and those so called meat=cancer studies have all been debunked as to their claims, not that there aren't worthwhile nuggets somewhere or ideas for needed follow up. @collin bell no doubt about it. great plan, except for that pesky cancer thing... she forget to recommand that they defnitly should starve themselves wtf?! this woman is misinformed. people are carbon-based beings. carbon... carbohydrate. we are frugivorish, by nature. fruit-eating species.ignoring this will continue the direction we are going. and high-protein is a death-dealing diet. any diet that is low carb is high in both the others.\nfats burn cleaner than carbs?\ncannot be true. @youdontknowme fats are carbon and hydrogen and it burns cleaner than glucose (carbs). bodybuilders are healthy? just because a person has excess, unnecessary muscle on their frame does not mean they are healthy. anyone who partakes of milk and milk proteins takes in mucous forming substances. these will clog the lymphatic system, setting up the body for all sorts of diseases.\nyou are obviously the one who is ignorant on this subject. along with doctors and dieticians, of course.\ndoes this woman even say how much protein is in the diet she recommends to her patients? more carb phobia and lipophelia. she's obviously never heard of intramyocellular lipids. she clearly wants to have a steady stream of clients.\n+sandy grungerson hi, would you be willing to post the title/publication data of a good up-to-date review article(s), or a textbook, describing these issues? i'd like to try and understand what's going on here. thank you very much in advance! +sandy grungerson hi, would you be willing to post the title/publication data of a good up-to-date review article(s), or a textbook, describing these issues? i'd like to try and understand what's going on here. thank you very much in advance! +sandy grungerson hi, would you be willing to post the title/publication data of a good up-to-date review article(s), or a textbook, describing these issues? i'd like to try and understand what's going on here. thank you very much in advance! exactly, but what is the use of explaining this to people in echo chambers? woah, there is soo much here...\nmy dad is insulin dependent diabetic for approx 30 years. type 2. he's overweight, probably not really obese for the most of this period.he just has this protruding belly and otherwise he's thin.\nin my country the recommendation for treating the illness is to cut on carbs?! that is - eat mostly protein and fat. like you said. and so he did. mostly. he loves fat so he eat a lot of fat even though doc's recommendations were mostly on protein. he would really rarily eat anything sweet, even fruit. bread was probably the only carb thing he did consume here and there.\nhe is 95% blind now and he had multiple hospitalizations for treating gangrenous feet. though he kept all the fingers so far. his kidneys are shutting down. he is 59.\nmost studies that i found indicated that obesity is the cause not the consequence of diabetes. i heard what this lady just said for the first time.\nmy own experiance, while growing up with diabetic father (and grandmother and her 3 brothers) was that the thing that caused him worst sugar spikes was: nerves. anger, pressure at work, problems at home.\nmy grandmother never really had a huge issue with sugar spikes. she died of cancer at the age of 74.\ni really can't tell for america. maybe you guys really have some shit in your food that we're just about to get in a decade or so. but here (serbia) diabetes is still a genetic disorder. i have pcos, for example. by these predictions, it's diabetes waiting to happen.\nit is, or at least it used to be, a disease of the fast age: where you only have time to eat shitty food and get upset over survival issues. things are very, very different from one country to another.\nas i understood, chinese people are not that much in this epidemic. yet, they live on rice. really, are we talkign about different metabolism for different races? or even different nations?\nso much to discuss about this for sure. ironic she demonizes asian food when people who eat traditional asian food are skinny and insulin sensitive. @***** actually lowering fat below 10% of total calories imroves insulin sensitivity very quickly. a billion skinny people without diabetes who eat high carb is definitely relevant to a discussion about diabetes.\nhave you seen this documentary?\nhttp://www.dailymotion.com/video/x1amh2t_bbc-horizon-sugar-v-fat-h264-1280x720-aac-rmac_lifestyle @*****\nchinese definitely used to eat low fat. it's an established fact. here's the source for that article\nhttp://www.fao.org/docrep/005/ac911e/ac911e05.htm yeah but we have hundreds of years of evidence of them eating nearly only carbs (6% fat) and they were all skinny and didn't have diabetes.\ndo you fucking get it yet? this is horseshit. she's barking up the wrong tree. dietary fat causes insulin resistance. +mediaplusculture dietary fat does not causes insulin resistance. fatty liver causes insulin resistance. the liver gets fat by eating more carbs at a meal than your body can burn immediately, as my previous comment in this string explains.\ncarbohydrates, aka sugars, cause insulin resistance.\nactually research shows that athletes do as well as or better on a low carb diet as on a high carb. dr. noakes, who started the whole craze of 'carb loading', has done much of that research. based on that research he has changed his mind and now recommends low carb. one great feature of the low carb diet for athletes is the improved recovery time.\ninsulin sensitivity cannot be significantly improved without glucose/fructose restriction. just watch one of dr. lustig's youtube talks. btw, dr. bernand's trial did not significantly improve insulin sensitivity of any of the participants. @nate englandweight isn't the be all and end all.\nthe only benefits, diabetes wise of low carb high fat come from the weight loss and the slightly easier calorie restriction.\ninsulin sensitivity and health can be improved without calorie restricting on a low fat diet, despite incidental weight gain. this means better exercise, better mood, more consistent adherence to the 'diet' and ultimately, less diabetes.\nlow fat high carb diets are more sustainable, and enjoyable diets to be on, and they support better exercise regimes.\nalso, dietary fat causes insulin resistance. @mediaplusculture now you're barking up the wrong tree.\ndid you know that in controlled trails comparing low fat to low carb diets that those eating the low fat must be told to consciously lower their calorie intake to lose weight. but not the low carb eaters. they are told to eat however much they want to. and yet magically they eat less than they do normally. also, most often the low carb eaters lose more weight. they do this without hunger. so, low carb dieters can most often magically keep from eating too much so that they don't need to store any as fat. whether the extra energy is from fat or glucose. @nate england if you're worried about an energy source being converted into fat, consider that even if the body tries it's hardest to convert sugar into fat, the most it can possibly store in the form of fat is 75% of the sugar eaten.\nfat intake can be 100% stored as fat. @mediaplusculture i'll see your one horseshit and raise you four paragraphs of facts. your liver turns excess glucose into fat fairly quickly. unless you have a very strenuous job or exercise program, not all glucose gets burned immediately. also, very little gets used to replenish our glycogen stores because we very rarely deplete them to any significant degree.\nnow, your liver turns all fructose into fat. of course, sugar is half fructose and half glucose.\ncarbs cause the highest production of insulin. insulin helps the liver turn glucose into fat, it keeps the fatty acids in the fat cells and it helps the fatty acids enter the fat cells. some people call insulin the fat storage hormone.\nall in all, carbs can make you fatter and keep you fat - much more than eating fat.\nbtw a scientific consensus on the physiology of insulin resistance is no where near complete. did you know that there are many skinny t2's? hahahaha \" fat makes me happy\"- only if i am addicted to fat and can not get happiness otherwise ;-).....as usual mix of lie and truth!!!! sold on fat? good luck. and yet, very charismatic presentation !!!. carbs are by the way is our only primary fuel- for your brain 25% carbs are all vegetables and fruits, guess what, yes, it comes with all integrally grown vitamins and minerals, and enzymes, and antioxidants... it is a new thing would be for me to have a muffin for my breakfast- i 'd rather have fruits or green smoothies. green smoothies yes... with banana and apple and pineapple and lots of green leaves. fat!!!!!!!! really... and no carbs? at all? we make fat as well... in the liver... it calls cholesterol.... it starts from the ring structure called cyclopentanoperhydrophenanthrene!!!! and it starts your hormones... natural carbs are : whole grains (with vitamins in it!!!!) and i am not talking processed...dr. mcdougall- he has a proven way of helping people to reverse diabetes with natural whole grain and whole carbs and whole fat only if necessary diet. lots of fiber... he does reverse diabetes forever. look into a ketogenic diet! i love the fact that some of her critics here, when they fail to win arguments quickly attack and \"body shame\" the speaker. there are some horrible people out there who obviously have a perverse mindset of the human body and proportions. the vegans who troll these videos and attack really are only missionaries for their cause and should instead create their own videos and accept that there is more than one road to the destination of happiness. @low fats where its at i could cut and paste a response, but really? i don't participate in blather... enjoy whatever it is that you are enjoying in your high insulin world. there is more than one road to most destinations... health is no different. quote, 12:48 into video:\n\"no grains?\"\n\"well we have to have them!\"\n\"nope, they're a carb.\"\n\"but whole grains are so good for us!\"\n\"first of all, there are very few foods that are out there that are truly whole grain, even if they say they are. most foods that purport to be wholegrain are highly processed and the fibre benefits ruined. or they are coming with highly refined flour, usually both of these things. so if you are one of the truly insulin sensitive people you can eat real whole grains, but if you are in the enormous slice of our population with insulin issues it's making things worse.\"\n\"so what if you are one of the real insulin sensitive people, can you still eat this [i.e. low carb] way?\"\n\"yes, i'm a great example... cutting carbs is good for you even if it's not necessary.\"\ncomment:\nif all people eat proper whole grains in the first place - that is to say eat no refined flour at all and no added sugar - there would not be so many people with insulin resistance. just because it might not be so easy to find whole grain food doesn't mean to say one cannot find it at all. these days in the uk it is very easy to buy if one knows where to look. it is more difficult to find organic whole grains.\nsarah hallberg is half right, but rather than dismiss carbs altogether she would be better to promote whole grains plus fat. good _one hand only most of what she says is what i learned in my first year in med school. it seems like the guidelines in america are a lot different than those in europe... (?) isn't it common knowledge for doctors to cut carbs when you have diabetes? we don't need carbs at all, lady? maybe if you want to sit on your ass all day... if you want any level of fitness, you're gonna need some carbs just like all the best athletes. @***** bullshit. look at this 47 year old woman who eats no carbs. she is completely ripped. @***** did she say not to eat vegetables, vegan troll? everything in moderation. carbs can included in a healthy diet, even sugar...lots of it. i don't stick with a particular bias or extreme group....just the common sense one. be mindful of your portions and keep active. don't scare people off of an entire food group. i understand that. i was talking about the general population. i should have clarified. so many idiots making comments about things they know nothing about.. this woman is a real dr who has real world evidence everyday to back up what she is saying.. everyone is a fucking expert sitting on your couch eating snackwell cookies and frozen yogurt wondering why they look and feel terrible everyday.. just shut the fuck up already low carb works for me. im not diabetic but it runs in my family. having too many carbs makes me gain weight and be hungry all the time. im on a ketogenic diet, i don't eat much(1700 calories), i'm almost never hungry, and i workout 5-6 days a week. the few carbs i do eat are right after i workout. and if i stop the diet i gain about 5lbs of water weight and stop gaining. any time ive gone on a low fat diet i gain everything back in 1/3 the time it took to lose it plus 10-20lbs. crazy thing is that cardio is almost unnecessary on this diet, the weight comes off even if you only lift weights. after yo-yoing and ending up at 350lbs mostly fat, i decided to make a change and it never came back. im 245lbs now but very fit, pant size 36 and they are very loose(use to be 48) shirts are l or xl depending on the brand(i was 3-4x before) she is absolutely correct - look up ketogenic diet! you do not need any carbs in your diet... as i watch this, i am eating white rice with maple syrup. i've been eating this way for 4 years and i am not diabetic or have insulin resistance. know why? because i am eating whole plant foods, not refined and processed junk foods, and i keep my overt fats and oils to 0. watch the other ted talk by neal barnard to find out how you can stay high carb and still ditch the diabetes. carbs in the form of whole foods, especially rice and potatoes, are not the enemy. the enemy is overt oils and processes, boxes and refined foods. +huai li there's always the issue of what constitutes whole vs. processed. high-fat diet promoters also fall into this trap. many of the foods that paleo groups are promoting weren't around pre-agriculture and are not whole. they are processed. examples include cured bacon and sausage, chocolate, coffee, dairy butter, and cheese. @plant-based cyclist\ni never got the incredible irony from your initial comment until now. let's see who can spot it:\n[quote]...i am eating white rice with maple syrup. ...i am eating whole plant foods, not refined...[/quote]\nanyone see it? white rice is not a whole food, but a processed food. maple syrup is not a whole food, but a processed food. i think someone's confused about the definition of \"whole food\". +plant-based cyclist (ian cramer) i beleive this is the bases behind juicing only organic foods to ditch all chemical enhanced i dare say foods nothing processed or refined simple home grown organic food @tresso\nare you sure you're among the plant-based, low-fat people? you are far too intelligent and articulate.\nhowever, you still confuse and confound many issues. citing adventist studies and other vegetarian studies is to use observational data. such data can show correlation, not causation. furthermore, to compare \"meat eaters\" to \"vegetarians\" isn't a sincere or real category. members of the blue zones (ikaria/icaria, sardinia, okinawa, etc.) eat meat and animal products, yet are the healthiest and longest lived peoples in the world. so obviously it's not eating animal products that hurts one's health. also, there are many studies that show mormons are as healthy or healthier than adventists, and mormons do not abstain from meat or animal products.\nwhat we can agree on is that people can benefit from a very low fat diet. i believe there is data to prove this point. however, very few people would thrive, and fewer still would want to. sure, there are some, but not most people. if i can get the same benefits eating real food that includes beef, veggies, pork, coconut oil, nuts, seeds, and dairy, i'd rather go that route. many of us have tried low-fat diets and not only hated them, but found them ineffective in curing any ailment. in fact, when the 10% of the population that identify themselves are former vegans were interviewed, they said they are no longer vegan because the life-style adversely affected their health.\nwhen dr. barnard put diabetics on his <10% vegan diet, their hba1c went from 8 to 7.6 in 1.5 years. in a low-carb study, hba1c went from 8.8 to 7.3 in 24 weeks. that's almost 4x the improvement in 1/3 the time. dr. barnard published another study where his numbers were much better, but not better than the control diet (ada). so going ultra low-fat and abstaining from animal products did not improve health better than slightly controlling carbs and slightly controlling fat.\nin dr. christopher gardner's \"a-to-z\" study, the <10% ornish diet did not fare well compared to a low-carb diet. almost all diets suffered large levels of attrition and failure to adhere, but when all was controlled, the ornish diet did terribly, while the low-carb diet did best even after 2 years. there are many other studies showing the efficacy of low-carb, though few compare it to <10% fat diets like ornish and barnard.\nthe point comes down to this: people may do well on either diet. many of us have found low-fat to suck and the results to be rather ineffective. low-carb does not suck and the results are very good. so we stick with our high-fat, low-carb diets and see our health improve.\nwhat annoys us is when we look at comments in these videos teaching what we know to be right and see vegan trolls trying to disagree with the facts and evidence we know to be true from personal experience, and from looking at the scientific research. +huai li\nweight loss studies haven't shown any particular diet to be clearly superior in the long run, on the order of a year or more. the results of all weight loss diets tend to converge after a year or more. the shai study often gets stated as proof of high-fat superiority but this isn't the case. the mediterranian branch had good results in that study for people who weren't diabetic and even better blood marker improvements for those who were diabetic compared with the other two branches. there wasn't a low-fat branch in that study, although people still like to claim that there was by contending that the 31% calories from fat in the 'low-fat' branch is 'low-fat' when it should have been in the range of 10 to 20 percent. the atkins-like branch did better shorter term. initially people in the atkins-like branch lost more weight but they also gained back the most weight of the three branches in the long run (beyond two years). it would be useful to look at subsets within the total test subject group and see which phenotypes did better with a particular type diet. there's some evidence that insulin-resistant people do better with low-carb weight loss diets and those with good insulin sensitivity do better on low-fat diets. how come the populations around the world who have the highest carbohydrate intake also have the lowest rates of diabetes. this woman needs to read the work of the knowledgeable (and lean) dr. neal barnard who is reversing diabetes with a high carb, low fat vegan diet. what a load of rubbish. insulin resistance is a symptom of the real problem which is due to fat buildup in the muscles. this solution may get the blood sugar levels down but can only increase the fat in the muscles and make the symptoms even worse such that carbs will have to be reduced for life. that is not a healthy long term strategy. a whole food plant based diet high in carbs will also reverse insulin resistance (as it did for me) and is much healthier long term. it actually addresses the problem and enables you to eat carbs without problems. @***** yes there are multiple ways to reduce blood sugar to normal levels and everyone is free to choose what works for them obviously. my point is that it is not only diabetes that we should worry about but long term health. a plant based diet reverses and prevents other major illnesses in particular heart disease and cancer. a diet high in fat and protein has been shown to increase risk of heart disease and certain cancers. so this diet may help get blood sugar levels down but at what long term cost? a plant based diet reverses insulin resistance and lowers these other risks so is clearly far superior in my opinion. you fat idiot, is that why majority of the plants has 70-80 percent carb? so plants are bad..? your animal fat and refined oils cause diabeties. search mcdougall and 801010 people. dr mcdougall is much fitter than you first of all we are not from primates, maybe you are but i am not. genesis 1:21 states: \" and god proceeded to create* the great sea monsters*+ and every living soul* that moves about,+ which the waters swarmed forth according to their kinds, and every winged flying creature according to its kind.+ and god got to see that [it was] good.\" and this is repeated at verse 24 where it states: \"then god said: \"let the earth bring forth living creatures* according to their kinds, domestic animals and creeping animals* and wild animals of the earth according to their kinds.\"+ and it was so.\" and again it is repeated at verse 25 where it further states:\" and god went on to make the wild animals of the earth according to their kinds and the domestic animals according to their kinds and all the creeping animals of the ground according to their kinds. and god saw that it was good. and this is we as humans come in, at verse 26, 27, and 28 where it states: \"then god said: \"let us+ make man in our image,+ according to our likeness,+ and let them have in subjection the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and the domestic animals and all the earth and every creeping animal that is moving on the earth.\"+ 27and god went on to create the man in his image, in god's image he created him; male and female he created them.+ 28further, god blessed them, and god said to them: \"be fruitful and become many, fill the earth+ and subdue it,+ and have in subjection+ the fish of the sea and the flying creatures of the heavens and every living creature that is moving on the earth.\" and you have some really healthy people that eat meat. every vegan and every vegetarian are not healthy. i work at a major hospital on a floor that deal with problems with female organs, as well as breast. there are a lot of vegetarians as well as vegans that have cancer, which is primarily what we deal with on my floor. and i am going to tell you something else,your eating habits should not dictate how you behave toward someone else. you are obviously being rude. for what??here is another bible verse that will tell you that it is okay to eat meat, verse 2 of genesis chapter 9 where it states:\" a fear of you and a terror of you will continue upon every living creature of the earth and upon every flying creature of the heavens, upon everything that moves on the ground and upon all the fish of the sea. they are now given into your hand.*+ 3every moving animal that is alive may serve as food for you.+ just as i gave you the green vegetation, i give them all to you. the problem is that producing meat in this modern generation has become commercialized, like the holidays that i am quite sure you celebrate, and we are encouraged to consume more and more at the cost of the environment and at the cost of human and animal health. that will change one day for it states at revelation **11:18**, \"but the nations became wrathful, and your own wrath came, and the appointed time came for the dead to be judged and to reward+ your slaves the prophets+ and the holy ones and those fearing your name, the small and the great, and to bring to ruin those ruining* the earth.\" and by the looks of things that are happening on the earth it is coming soon. @lola0600we are not different we are all humans that came from primates. see you soon when your arteries are all clogged up because of all animal fat. yeah we are all different :) seriously, that was a mean thing to say. why did you call him a fat idiot?? that is rude and totally uncalled for. and another thing, you sound very angry. he was just sharing his experience which worked for him. one thing that i am learning is that really everybody is different. what may work for you may not work for someone else. that is why choosing a diet or trying to a find a way of eating to improve or keep you relatively healthy can be difficult. i know that eating too many foods like your everyday pizza, fried chicken, americanized chinese food, and not sticking to the basics can make and has made me very unhealthy. there was a diet plan from weight watchers called the core plan that required you to only eat food in there truest form. no juice, whether it be fruit or vegetable juice, you had to eat fruit and vegetable whole and only one pasta or grain serving a day, whole grain of course, no bread whatsoever,it worked for me and i lost weight as well as surprisingly water weight just like i did on a low carb diet. so my point is whatever works for a person is what should be looked at. there is a nurse matter a fact several who were overweight, one with diabetes and one without diabetes, who lost weight. both eat carbs and i always wonder how they can do that and not gain weight. y\neveryone is different. you have to find what works for you and stick with it. it has to be a lifestyle change or your insulin resistance could come back. @*****wtf are you talking about. how many of the women want bulky men look? i have a model body and i want to maintain it like that. and i forgot iron rda is 8mg for men, while it is 18mg for me, so there is no way you can get that amount from meat, and it is not that easy for men too. and 90 steak only provides like 3mg iron which is %17 percent of my rda. while from 1 or 1.5 cup bean or lentils i get like 9.9 mg iron. from soaked raw lentils you get %71 of zinc. so meat no way can even compete. not mentioning other benefits of plants. you already couldnt answer my arguments, probablly you are eating too much meat, that doesnt fit any healthy nonvegan diet too.. i can back up so many other things. hope you wont binge back and gain the weight you lost. and you wont screw your system and get diabeties. and i dont think you will ever be slender or have a lean belly. which i have in the long term by ease hopefully a lot of you don't listen to her food choices. please look up the rice diet and study its history and then realize that starchy staples are the right choice. so why, in these western cultures that eat barely any carbs compared to many eastern countries (where most calories come from white rice), are there still so many obese and diabetic people? use your eyes and brains to make the connections people. if you have diabetes, check out neal barnard's, michael greger's and john mcdougall's work. a healthy diet for a healthy body in 4 minutes http://nutritionfacts.org/video/can-oatmeal-reverse-heart-disease/ it is impossible to facepalm enought on this video. people, please educate yourself and take a look at the research of dr. neal barnard. no, i did not try. i eat very little refined sugar and very few grains (bread, pasta, cereal). therefore, being a vegan would leave next to nothing. love avocados, salad, and fruit, but it's not enough. i would be constantly hungry.\nalso, there are plenty of overweight vegans. why? because they load up on grains and products with refined sugar. @eric k yes, i watched the whole video and i was curious about her experience with diabetes and diets.\nwho said that i am a vegan? because i mentioned neal barnard? and have you ever tried to be vegan? i am not sure if you can say never if you never tried ;-) @***** no, i'm not, but i'm really interested in staying that way and i have family members that are diabetic and pre-diabetic. so i'm very interested in this topic.\nsorry, i have no clue which agenda you are taking about. i solely watched the video to educate myself and with the scientific research i did, it makes no sense what she is saying in the video. @*****exactly. there must have been an alert to the vegans about this video. doubt they bother watching it, they just comment on it. as far as neil barnard goes, i'm happy that he's happy being a vegan. sorry, but it would never work for me and 99% of americans.\nnot saying doing what sarah recommends is easy for lots of people, but it's a hell of a lot easier than veganism. @julia s. people, don't bother, unless you want to become a vegan and give up all that delicious food you are currently eating. if this is news to you or if your unfamiliar with all of this carbs proteins & fats. i recommend getting informed with bulletproof diet. it will fast track you down the right path. i've been consuming [for more than 2 years] 2+ tablespoons of grassfed butter with 1-2 tablespoons of mct oil blended in my coffee. i hardly excersise, but i stay active, & i've melted body fat & gained 15lbs (aka muscle growth). baloney. at least half to two thirds of my diet is carbs (starches). i eat almost nothing but carbs. i am 71. i have been vegan for 30+ years. i am not diabetic nor even close to it. there are high starch diets that will cure type ii diabetes in two weeks and what do you think they emphasize: eliminate animal protein from your diet. don't bother debating with me because this assertion is not debatable. it is fact based and proven to be true. i couldn't even finish watching this misguided speaker, however well intentioned she may have been. @ron halfhill yes, baloney, bacon, ham, lamb. at least two thirds of my diet is fat. i eat mostly animals with a lot of vegetables. i am 65. i've been vlchf for 11+ years. i've been a type 1 diabetic for 50 years and i'm alive today because of myvlchf diet. there are high fat diets that will cure type 2 diabetes in two days and what do they emphasize: eat animals. don't bother debating with me because this assertion is not debatable. it is fact based and proven to be true. i couldn't stop watching this great speaker so i've seen it 5 or 6 times. and there is yet another popular ted talk on diabetes where another doctor recommends the opposite: zero fat and lots of carbs. go figure. what do you think? this woman is totally ducking clueless.\nas a ex-diabetic myself i can only attest to this great lecture of hallberg! sugar/glucose is the fuel for all cells; fat is the back up fuel. so when she said you don't need carbs, she's full of crap. nobody is saying don't eat vegetables. nobody. @bill streeterthose who say carbs are not needed. vegetables are mainly carbs. you guys like them only because they have very few carbs or calories. who is talking about excluding vegetables? nobody. @bill streeter excluding fruits, vegetables, and other foods with carbohydrates is excluding other nutrients. your body will not be at 100%. i want my body at 100%. @papaghurka your body can make glucose from lots of things besides refined carbohydrates. amaising!!!! thankyou!!!!! when i eat a high carb no fat diet, i do not have insulin resistance, but the tiniest amount of fat will make me insulin resistant. dr. barnard can explain why this happens. @laura marlow vegan alert! 99% of americans have zero interest in becoming vegans. there's a lot of money to be made keeping you sick. this is the most important sentence in the speech. dr. hallberg will make lots of money for eli lilly with the cancer, heart, constipation etc. medicines you will need if you follow her advice. doctor john mcdougall has a simple and very cheap way of eating that tastes good and will give you a longer, healthier, happier life. i am vegan and my last blood pressure test was 90/58 my bmi is 19.5 and i am 65 and alive while many friends are sick or dead. don't take drugs eat healthy instead. notice this lady is not slim herself..... doctor hallberg provides calories by taking away carbs with nutrients and giving you fat without nutrient value which did not solve the insulin resistance and sets you up for constipation and cancer. what if we trace this problem back to the begining and we just stop eating all that fat = we will no longer be insulin resistant, no longer diabetic and no longer fat with a heart attack waiting to happen so go vegan and make health happen oh we have so much to do. this a simply wrong. read neal bernards book on diabetes and fruit.........the studies back it up......fruit is the key to getting healthy! i find hallberg's deductions inaccurate. inaccurate deductions are a form of intellectual abuse, for those that don't see the inaccuracy as they may take advice based on faulty logic. hallberg correctly says that:\n1. \"...insulin's job is to drive glucose or blood sugars into the cells where it can be used...\" (at 1.33) and\n2. \"...when someone is insulin resistant, then they are having trouble getting blood sugar where it needs to go - into those cells...\" (at 1.36)\n3. \"...when someone is insulin resistant, the body's response is to make more of it and insulin levels will rise and rise...\" (at 1.55)\n4. \"...however, usually it (insulin) cant' keep up for ever and even at those elevated levels of insulin - are not enough to keep the blood sugar in the normal range, so it (blood sugars) starts to rise - that's diabetes (at 2.19)\nfrom these propositions, hallberg deduces a solution for diabetes - to reduce the sugars in the diet, so a low carb diet is proposed. the error is that hallberg does not address the cause of 2. i.e. why is insulin having trouble getting the sugar into the cells in the first place? well, it is because the cellular gateways for sugar import are blocked by saturated fats (i.e. fats mainly from dairy/eggs & meat). when you remove saturated fats from the diet, then insulin and blood sugar levels become normal. it is for this reason that those on a low fat/whole plant based diet do not get type 2 diabetes - period.\nsecondly, it is not a good strategy to reduce insulin and blood sugar levels by a low carb diet, while at the same time drastically increasing the risk of arterial damage and cancers by consumption of a high fat diet - it's like jumping from the pan into the fire.\nfor those that wish to know the technical name for this defective logic, it is the denial of modus tollens. +pankaj duggal eric, i notice that you have deleted your comments - any reason??? from your other comments, it seems you are stuck on a primitive idea without science support, that claims that a lchf diet is a good idea. the science clearly does not support this idea. cheers yes i think if a person is very obese, perhaps in the 35 to 45 bmi range, then it gets tricky without excellent guidance from a whole plant based diet resource. for bloating, try ajwain seed powder, for a general anti-inflammtory try 1tsp tumeric powder with cereals/porridge. amla (indian goose berry) is a most powerful anti-oxidant, about 8 - 10 more than blue berries. look up some resources at nutritionfacts.org esp paleo. all the best with your health. @***** i'm sorry to hear that. was i able to communicate the error in hallberg's deduction. @***** hi eric - i have highlighted the error in hallberg's deduction and explained the error. you have not commented on this. if you discover a type 2 diabetic on a low fat/whole plant diet, do let me know. bullshit. i've seen type ii reversed many times with a high carb low fat vegan diet. @abby nurre @johnaton markmisinformed you are. we only need to have at least 2% to not create a deficiency. who initially recommended 2.5% protein many many years ago. fruit has 5% protein on average. double of what they had recommended. i have yet to hear of anyone with a protein deficiency unless you are talking about someone who is anorexic or starving long term. there are now, however, an increasingly number of people with health problems associated with too much protein. @johnaton mark do you have any actual evidence to back up your claims? why exactly do you think i will diet at age 55? wtf... i stopped watching at \"you don't need carbs\". if you're interested in real science and not a very wrong interpretation of the data please check out\nwww.nutritionfacts.org\nthe china studyhttp://www.amazon.com/the-china-study-comprehensive-implications/dp/1932100660\ndr. neal barnard's program for reversing diabetes: the scientifically proven system for reversing diabetes without drugs http://www.amazon.com/neal-barnards-program-reversing-diabetes/dp/1491574933\nthe 80/10/10 diethttp://www.amazon.com/the-80-10-diet/dp/1893831248\nthe starch solutionhttp://www.amazon.com/the-starch-solution-regain-health/dp/1623360277\nif you follow the advise in this video you will end up fatter and sicker than you've ever been. you might experience positive changes at the beginning, but you'll be putting your body in an unnatural state and sickness will come back with a vengeance. the studies show that a high carb, low fat, low protein plant based diet is the diet that will help you heal your body and heal the planet at the same time. it is not carbs that make you fat and worsen your diabetes, it is the fat that you eat that doesn't allow sugar to get in the cell. keep eating high fat and you'll see.\ni realize i will probably receive lots of comments for this answer. i will not be answering any of them unless is to provide someone with more information and sources, so i will not be debating this nonsense. all the information you need is provided above. please check it out before you make a mistake. low fucking carb? high fucking fat? are you trying to kill people? guys, neal barnard. listen to him, ignore this squeaky toy. i'm suggesting that people listen to one of the only doctors that whose speaches are backed by most nutrition studies out there. i'm not vegan nice to see a medical doctor that works with diabetics to have the desire and strength to tell us the truth.\n2 yrs ago i had to have a congenital heart defect to my aortic heart valve corrected. i was told post of surgery i was diabetic. 14 days in the hospital, finger sticks 24 times a day and insulin shots 4 to 6 times a day while strapped to a glucose bag during my extended surgical visit (lots of complications took me from 4 day expected visit to 14 days, & 11 of those days i was npo (fasting, only iv glucose ).\nafter leaving the hospital i was educated on my diabetes, sent home with lots of drugs to include *insulin.* i've been dependent on insulin since leaving the hospital; but all that ended about 2 weeks ago.\ni started learning about ketogenic diets. having successfully implemented atkins 15 years earlier i thought i could do this. on atkins i lost 42 lbs in 7 weeks, but i did what most people do... i treated it as a diet, not medicine for my body.\ni've since learned on my journey that even to much protein can cause an insulin response, just as her graph showed. i didn't know this until recently, and earlier when i did atkins i ate way to much protein, yet managed to stay in ketosis. one bad side effect on atkins is that uric acids rose due to purine in some nutrient rich low carb foods, and high protein... *i got gout.*\nwhen you go on a special diet and your significant others aren't joining you, you quickly discover how personal food becomes... wife hounding you constantly that this can't be healthy etc.. will power he must be x10 just to survive the daily debates regarding your diet... (i hated that). post of atkins and gout my doctor initially agreed with my wife scolded me, drew lab work and said we would talk again after getting my results back in... the following week he called and told me hdl is way up, ldl is much lower, liver enzymes normal range, (prior year he told me i was showing signs of fatty liver; now all was normal), bp normal without drugs ( said i have been treating you for 15 years and have never seen you without high blood pressure even with medications); wow wright down 42 lbs...but you have gout! he said \" i can treat your gout, but all those other problems you used to have which i've been treating are gone. you need to stay on your diet and i never dreamed i'd be saying this. only i didn't listen to him... i broke my diet and all my old problems indeed returned...\ncurrently i'm into week 2 of a ketogenic diet. 65 to 75% fat; 25 to 30% protein; 5% carbs. 1st. two weeks calories in the 2200 to 2800 per day range. i've gone from up to 5 insulin shots of fast acting for a daily total of up to 100 unit per day with meals & bedtime slow acting insulin at 30 units per night foe a total of about 130 units per day insulin dependency. i have noticed over the two years ice been on insulin that as i use insulin my needs appear to grow over time where more and more is needed to maintain my blood sugars...yet when i say maintain, i actually don't mean normal. with insulin management my averages were normally in the 140 to 150 range with diets to 50 and spikes over 300... every morning i'd wake up to find fast glucose often in 150 to 170 range even if i went to bed with a normal blood sugar.\nsince starting the ketogenic approach 2 weeks ago my average glucose is 122. my divets are 90 and max peak is 160 ( 1 waking spike at 160 that within 2 hours of waking was 125 ; suspect dawn effect). my average waking gluclose is now 133. *did i mention i quit taking insulin on day 1 two weeks ago?*\n*wow!!!! so far this is fantastic. i'm not hungry, if i get hungry i eat a high fat food and my blood sugar remains stable. i was in ketosis by day 3 ( means i'm eating my own bodies fat to fuel my brain and body.) that's got to be a perk!!!*\nthe doc here is 100% right. i've done so much reading on this diet now and learning from online web research. dr. attia discovered he was insulin resistant before getting obese. he did a test that detects precisely how much insulin he secreted by injecting a know %of carbohydrate. his result said he secreted about 20 over the scale for what normal people secrete without insulin resistance. so he started a keto diet despite not being obese. keep in mind this is a man that swam marathons and cycles religiously...dr jason fung, has awesome videos og obesity and diabetes. he admits for 15 years he had been treating these issue incorrectly and has learned fasting is what cures diabetes. he a large proponent of intermittent fasting and more. he will tell you an an kind diet or keto diet is indeed a fast with caloric intake. you're fasting because you're depriving your body of sugar. same applies to low fat moderate high nutrient veggies ( it's hard to eat 1500 calories in veggies).\nbottom line here the ketogenic approach is working for me. i've eliminated injectable insulins. the medicine is the education provided here and learning to eat right for your metabolism. i no longer tell my wife i'm eating to lose 30lbs. i tell her i'm eating to cure myself and to get off these dam drugs. she seems to be be living that more now and is trying to support me as she sees i've not injected insulin now in these two weeks. ( i'm sure she's doubting i'll stick with it.) but we shall see. i know i have a metabolic syndrome and the culprit is insulin and resistant cells my liver produces.\none of the most important things that resonated with me during this ted talk was her question on what is the human bodies need of carbohydrate for essential nutrition expressed as a percentage? *zero!!!!*\nas most of have been raised were taught quite young we need carbs to function. well that turns out to be false. we don't need carbs at all provided we get high fat and moderate protein. fats and proteins maintain and build our bodies. carbohydrates don't do any of that...\npsychological food addiction is the worst.\ni try telling the people i love that the stuff they eat is killing them, but they won't stop.\n\"we do what makes us happy.\" is that true - \"insulin makes us hungry\" ? at no time did she refer to adkins. she recommended replacing carbs with fat, not protein. there are plenty of healthy fats besides eggs and butter....avocado, nuts, and coconut oil to name a few. this is not the adkin's diet revised as the vegan nurse suggests. sugar is evil and is killing us. carbs metabolize into sugar. she's right, you know! @neptronix no, she isn't. i think dr. neal bernard's approach is a lot better. eat plant based @*****\nno i am not. i'm not a professional either so i'm sorry if i came across as trying to be a know it all, i didn't mean to. i am a student studying nutrition and dietetics and i was just sharing what i've learned from classes and research. i know i still have a lot to learn. diabetes runs in my family, my dad has it and my grandmother died from it. one day i hope to help people who are diabetic reverse their disease. i'm actually interning with the ada this summer, but i apologize if my comment was out of place. sadly the anerican dietary association was formed by the junk food kingpins, the grocery manufacturers assiciation (a who's who of junk food and gmo poisoners of the american people). http://www.cspinet.org/integrity/nonprofits/american_dietetic_association.html this woman is making a lot of sense however, this is just like the dr william davis who discusses on how wheat, as well as other high carbohydrate foods, are causing abnormalities in our bodies.but the thing is everybody is different, and i am living proof because i have a gastrointestinal condition, i do not know whether it is crohn's/ ulcerative colitis, ibs, acid reflux etc. i am still waiting or my diagnosis, but i cannot eat certain foods otherwise i experience symptoms i.e. bloating, stomach pain, discomfort, difficulty breathing, constipation, diarrhea etc. and unfortunately fruits and vegetables, nuts, beans etc. are among the trigger foods list, probably due to the fructose and other sugars, and the insoluble fiber content in them. however, i can eat starchy foods like biscuits, white rice, white and whole wheat bread, crisps and other foods made with potatoes, cookies, sausage rolls, surprisingly i can tolerate pizza, i can eat anything as long as it does not particularly contain fruits or vegetables, nuts, beans etc.. i try to eat healthy all the time, but i have now figured what's the point when every time i opt for healthy eating when it rewards me with unpleasant symptoms. so i now just eat foods that i can tolerate. @*****hey, yh i am currently on a low fodmaps diet and all of my symptoms have banished. go back even farther please to what causes insulin resistance in the first place, intercellular fat. high complex carbs, low fat for the win @*****this is probably the mostintelligent post i have read here. i remembersomeone once telling me that diabetes could be controlled (cured?) by building muscle. of course one still has to address nutrition/weight loss, and as you say diet should be the diet that will work hand-in-hand with your muscle building. once you have things under control, then your diet can be a little more flexible. i might add that even if a person does not have diabetes, weight training is important for everyone - especially as one reaches a more mature age. ha! it is one of the best ways to stay young. thanks for your useful information. i was recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes with the blood sugar peaking 265mg 8 hours after the last meal and the hba1c at 13. now, i'm 15 and didn't expect this at all so i got into a lot of research about what i should and should not eat, until i found this video and read all the comments. now i'm really confused.\ni'm asian and am currently living in asia, so our staple food is rice. a lot of carbs there. i've been eating about the same amount of rice but changed it from white to brown (whole rice). i've almost cut off my fruit supply, eat large amounts of veggies, and eat mostlylow-fat protein food like low-fat milk, cheese, and chicken. my snacks are mostly nuts like almonds. i've started on an oral insulin medication recently.\nam i doing this correctly? people have so many different opinions and stats, and i would really want to get some more info and help on what i should do. should i cut my rice supply like the video above? or is there any other diet? i understand that there are many different opinions regarding this, but please, share what you know and think. i am also not overweight. almost in the underweight region actually. great talk. saturated and mono-saturated fats are so good for us. stay away from poly-unsaturated fats. they are inflammatory. dr. neal barnard\nread his book!\nreversing diabetes several things were presented inaccurately here, or not told the whole story and picked just few, distorting the overall picture. insulin and glucose are appetite suppressants. that is a fact. the hunger comes when the insulin sends glucose to the storage (muscles) and the glucose levels go down, maybe lower than before. but that is mainly when people are insulin sensitive, not resistant. at least on the muscles level (liver does not need insulin to take glucose in). there are several forms of insulin resistance: in brain, in muscles, in liver, in fat tissue... and they can exist independently from each other. the majority of obesity is due to insulin sensitivity, otherwise most of the body cells could not accept either glucose or fat, or both and the rise in body weight would not be possible. only when the positive energy balance lasts for long, the tissues can down-regulate their insulin sensitive receptors expression and start refusing to take more glucose in. that is the reason why exercise is one of the first forms of intervention to reverse insulin resistance and pre-diabetes. when muscle cells burn their fuel, they are ready for more. this is just a very generic view and we are all different in our genetic make up. some people have a higher predisposition for insulin resistance than others.\njust one more thing: if the rice was eaten alone, it would lead to spikes in insulin, but it would not lead to obesity. people get obese when they combine high gi food with fat. they store the fat because the body prefers burning the easier currency - glucose. and the subsequent rise in insulin only helps storing the excess energy - in fat. in insulin sensitive people. our appetite is very finely tuned by many other hormones and insulin has very little say into this. @***** that is fine. i am not talking about treatment. i am debunking the misreporting and there is data to support my claims. that is all.\nbut still, slight energy deficit also helps improving insulin sensitivity in most people, i.e. having a low-fat and unprocessed carb based diet consisting of pulses, fiber rich produce, etc. it is just more difficult to manage than having abundance of food and calories so the person feels satisfied. i have tried a low-carb (not atkins) and felt miserable while not losing any weight. i quit 2 weeks later. it was just for an experience, also to see whether i will shed a few pounds (not even overweight that time) and whether my afternoon tiredness would improve. it did not. my insulin sensitivity was better before than after this diet. i have had done a standard ogtt test both times. @***** my original point was that, the doctor in the video blamed wrong advice to people for their obesity and that insulin plays the main role in this. i do not agree with that and that was why i posted my first comment. as i said in the more recent comment, i have seen a transition in opinions of scientists over time when i read the scientific papers. now i see that insulin is blamed for everything. it is like a fashion now. fat is good, carbohydrates are bad. and this doctor jumped on the bandwagon and keeps saying what is in today. despite true in some context, it is often missed that the healthy dietary advise was not followed by the western population, hence you cannot blame low-fat lifestyle for the current obesity levels. she is right that wrong advice is given to obese and diseased people, but it was not this advice that got them where they are now. @***** to your second input: yes. there are conflicting results, but i am talking about wrong claims based on poor understanding of the matter, generating incorrect thesis and then producing papers with these thesis again and again. i have done research on fructose and metabolic syndrome. i could see the transition in opinions over the years, while the results of the studies were basically correct. american chinese food is a problem, but not because of the rice, or rural chinese people would be fat diabetics. they're not. the problem is that we eat the rice with lots of meat and lots of oil. the meat and oil cause the insulin resistance, and now the rice is a problem. so, cut out the rice, sure, you'll have lower blood sugar, and lose weight, but just what are your arteries going to look like? and what is your cancer risk going to look like? @nate england the more i study this, the more i see that both low carb and low fat starch based diets will improve your metabolic status. there is a fascinating interview between mcdougall and atkins, and they both make good points. if you're eating low fat, sugar is not a problem, and nor are carbs, but you can't touch meat or fat. if you're eating low carb, you can eat all the meat and fat you want, but you can't touch carbs. only in the middle do you have a problem. in the short to medium term. @cosmicdamian sorry you are wrong. it is the added sugar not the meat. insulin resistance is caused by eating fatty foods. fat in your blood will hinder insulin to do its job. that is why your body will make even more insulin. resulting in the long run of exhausting your body to produce insulin.\ncheck out dr neal bernard's lecture on how to reverse diabetes. that doctor knows what he is talking about. @vegan instinct your liver turns excess glucose into fat fairly quickly. unless you have a very strenuous job or exercise program, not all glucose gets burned. also, very little gets used to replenish our glycogen stores because we very rarely deplete them to any significant degree.\nnow, your liver turns all fructose into fat. of course, sugar is half fructose and half glucose.\ncarbs cause the highest production of insulin. insulin helps the liver turn glucose into fat, it keeps the fatty acids in the fat cells and it helps the fatty acids enter the fat cells. some people call insulin the fat storage hormone.\nall in all, carbs can make you fatter and keep you fat - much more than eating fat.\nbtw a scientific consensus on the physiology of insulin resistance is no where near complete. did you know that there are many skinny t2's? she is incorrect. fat inside the muscle cells (intromyocelluar lipids) are the basis of insulin reisistance. she needs to read dr. neal barnard's book on reversing diabetes. @veganangel68 your liver turns excess glucose into fat fairly quickly. unless you have a very strenuous job or exercise program, not all glucose gets burned. also, very little gets used to replenish our glycogen stores because we very rarely deplete them to any significant degree.\nnow, your liver turns all fructose into fat. of course, sugar is half fructose and half glucose.\ncarbs cause the highest production of insulin. insulin helps the liver turn glucose into fat, it keeps the fatty acids in the fat cells and it helps the fatty acids enter the fat cells. some people call insulin the fat storage hormone.\nall in all, carbs can make you fatter and keep you fat - much more than eating fat.\nbtw a scientific consensus on the physiology of insulin resistance is no where near complete. did you know that there are many skinny t2's? in august 2011, i was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. my very first bg was over 400 and my first a1c was 10. i was put on prescriptions for blood pressure, blood glucose, and cholesterol. by january 2012, my a1c had dropped into the 5s. that july i was taken off the bg meds. 2013, i was taken off the bp meds. and last year my doctor decided to see how i did without crestor; i'm off that. what about my diet? before being diagnosed, i would have fast food and junk food -- high sugar and high fat -- for most of the day after breakfast. after being diagnosed, i went to your basic low fat \"high\" carb diet. i also continued practing martial arts, which i started in 1985. exercise and improved diet has resulted in my not needing prescriptions related to diabetes, even though dr. hallberg says that shouldn't be. and i feel better than i have in years because my blood isn't sludge and at any given moment there's the right amount of glucose in my cells.\nmaybe she should be taken with a grain of salt. @giselle vicko define \"tremendously.\" if you think any level higher than 87 is too high, then yes, it goes up \"tremendously,\" though i don't worry because my distance vision doesn't blur out. as it is, i feel better than i have in years because at any given moment there correct amount of glucose is in my cells, particularly my muscles.\nmy doctor and i discussed this months ago, and the idea that blood sugar should be held to one level no matter how lousy the patient feels is old school. the newer thinking is there's nothing wrong with allowing blood sugar to fluctuate. there's nothing wrong with it going up. the problem is if it doesn't come back down again, or doesn't come down far enough. then there are issues related to insulin.\ni haven't needed medication to keep my bg in the normal range for almost 3 years now. i'm happy about that. @michael gallagher how did you do a high carb diet without having your sugar levels spike tremendously? thanks for the kind words, eric. exercise and diet are important to good health; i learned the hard way you can't do with just one or the other. and doing what my doctor told me is also what has kept me alive and, frankly, in better shape than i've been in years. that may not be a popular sentiment, but i believe it's true. this lady has no clue?! diets are individual! a calorie is a calorie is a myth,it is how the body responds to those calories which is key.\nvegans are a preachy bunch whose argument always devolved into emotional outbursts . are you a chemist at a university receiving monetary compensation from the sugar industry to insure favorable research conclusions? hmmmm? :-)))d @amanda johnston heh, well actually its the quality of the fat. this lady never asked herself why is \"carbohydrate sensitivity\" there at the first place??? its like calming down the fire and never knowing the cause of fire - that does not prevent fire permanently! its just dumb, very dumb. my friend healed herself by reducing all heated fats, and eating only cold-pressed (and even animal) fats. there is a book on that by thomas smith... no she doesn't, high carb low fat for the win carbohydrate-poisoning? sorry, but i've gotta stop there. this woman has no fucking clue on how to cure diabetes type ii. lois griffin :reversing type 2 diabetes i thought it was very odd that the next ted talk video that came up after dr. hallberg was a ted talk from a doctor who said we should avoid animal protein and fat completely. how is a person supposed to decide what to do when doctors can't agree on what to do. very frustrating for someone with type 2 for 30 years! best comment on here. you have to find what works for you. actually, his studies are very unimpressive -- he just keeps saying they are. go with dr barnard because his diet is easier to follow and prevents cancer too, it's better for overall health. watch forks over knives. it's so good! i guess we will have to agree to disagree. great presentation. i've read through the comments and i don't think people are paying attention. they keep saying that she is promoting \"no carbs\". she actually says that what she teaches is not \"zero carb\" or \"high protein\".\nif you look at the menus she posts pictures of, there are carbs in there! they're just healthy carbs from real food that are not starchy. exactly. zucchini's nutritional content far outstrips it's miniscule carb count. plus, it's fiber count pretty much negates the carbs. she isn't recommending carbs. starches break down to sugar in the body and have the same effects on the body. @chaos and critters as far as i know there are two kinds of carbs, long chain carbohydrates (starches) and short chain carbohydrates (sugars). so what kinds of carbs is she recommending. if the food isn't starchy, then what is it? *>> eating right in order to stay healthy is difficult enough for most of us, i mean let's face the facts; most consumers simply don't eat right. however, a healthy diet can be especially difficult for someone diagnosed with diabetes. the main reason is based on the fact that people with diabetes require a different dietary structure when compared to those without diabetic symptoms.* shes just selling lchf, what a scam. don't eat anything you don't like.... :)) i don't like fatty foods. i hate the mouthfeel of them and they make me feel sluggish when working out. and i indeed meant the high fat low carb lower protein foods after the getting used to period. i just didn't felt optimal on the diet this person is recommending. and my acne went really bad... (and i gained 10kg too... which i easily lost again after switching to whole food plant based with high carb and true low fat (less then 15%of calories from fat and around 80% of calories from carbs) with a bonus of beating my personal workout records time after time again while feeling fine and fit after a workout, wich i couldn't on high fat) why not just eat a whole food, plant based diet? why make it so difficult and why blaming carbs? carbs or rather starches is the food we grew on as a species, it's the food we can digest the best and it was the food that allowed our brains to grow big and allowed us to migrate as a species to the whole wide world (as starches can be found almost everywhere and are reliable). we make big amounts of amylase to digest the starches, we all do. why make it this difficult and expensive? in the 1920's there was already a doctor curing diabetes patients with rice and sugar, much cheaper, much easyer. @craig bates i can understand from the study that they found a link between the salivary amylase gene and obesity, they don't speak about diabetes an sich. they found a link, but they just study a very small part of the whole subject. they didn't look at what the people were eating, they didn't look at how things might got influenced, they didn't look at the difference in amylase production in the pancreas, they also didn't mention (in the abstract) what the prevalence was of having a low amy1 gene count in the total population, they didn't look at the prevalence of having low amy1 gene count in an obese population versus a non obes population, (and for being on topic: they didn't look at the connection between low amy1 gene count and chances on diabetes), and so on...\nbut it sparked my interest to look at more research from the genetic point of view. as just one study doesn't say anything offcourse. @blueberrymint\n\"why not just eat a whole food, plant based diet?\" unfortunately, it doesn't work for many people. i see that you did try a hflc diet and didn't like it. that's great that you gave it an honest try to find out for yourself, and i'm glad that you found what works for you. i think we need to help obese/diabetic people to find what works for them without making them feel ashamed for going against the status quo. not everyone has the same amylase producing gene. that's just one indicator that not everyone can successfully stay on a high-starch diet.\n\"why make it so difficult...\" is precisely what she's trying to undo. it has been made so difficult for most obese/diabetic people for so long. we've been told to eat less fat and more carbs. when we gained weight we were told we're not committed to our health, we're lazy and gluttonous. what most find when they switch to hflc is that it gets easier. food-wise it may be more expensive, but hclf clearly isn't working for these people and the overall cost of treating the conditions that follow greatly, exceed the cost of changing the diet.\ndidn't dr. kempner also whip his patients to \"encourage\" them to stick with the high-starch diet? maybe some didn't need to be whipped and did fine under their own willpower. we see that today, with people doing very well on plant-based and/or high-starch diets, but the reality is that most people would require a good whipping to be able to stick to that. we'd much rather eat whole-food plant-based along with whole-food meat-and-fat-based. \"traditional vegan diets (low-fat diets that proscribe animal product consumption) are also effective at improving glycemic control ... the main findings are that traditional vegan diets appear to improve glycemic control better than ada diets in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (t2dm)\" (trepanowski & varady, 2014).\ntrepanowski, j. f., varady, k. a. crit rev food sci nutr. 2014 jun 12. veganism is a viable alternative to conventional diet therapy for improving blood lipids and glycemic control. [epub ahead of print]. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24922183 what a load of bullshit! it's sad that people follow govt guidelines... european congress prague conference on obesity showed a slide indicating the considerable damage caused by eating protein main food source where are the clinical studies? i don't want to hear, \"i had a lady who...\" no, no no. show me your clinical studies with data.\ndr. neal barnard has clinical studies backing up that a low fat high carb diet reverses diabetics.\npeople think they eat a lot of carbs because they had fries, potatoes chips, or pastries. those are high fat foods that include carbs. a high carb low fat food has no oil, no animal products, etc.\neat steamed potatoes, rice, beans and corn.\nthis speech infuriates me because it only serves to confuse people. +crasch net thank you! +rensonite yep, \"carbs are cheap\"......that's why i've saved lots of money not buying meat!\ndon't try and reason things in favour of meat production, when we all know supporting natural food and even growing your own food will be infinity more cost effective and healthier than supporting death. use your brain, not google! if you use some googlefu you can find many studies showing that lchf is healthy and pretty much none in the last 25 years that say lf is healthy. hell the whole food pyramid that made lf the thing to do was based off one unverified and proven wrong study. it was more a decision to aid big business and the us, and the rest of the world that adopted it have paid for it ever since with higher obesity, diabetes, heart disease rates. if you truly think it is wrong or right you should put the effort into looking it up and finding it out for yourself. it is your health after all. think about it, carbs are cheap, they make the food companies money because it is dirt cheap for them to make foods and have higher markups. also keeping people unhealthy keeps the medical and pharmaceutical fields busy and with an unending flow of customers/money. +instant gratification why do you always ask people this?? you asked me the same question in the exact same way! paid shill maybe?!?!? or perhaps you have something against mcdougall? or more-likely you are just a pratt!!! what about sweet potatoes...should we not eat them.... @fonda nesbittthere are a lot of people (vegans) with an agenda that try to convince you that their way is the only way. this is very dangerous for a diabetic. for them it's a kind of religion. but your health isn't worth risking over what someone else believes without much if any true scientific evidence. you can reverse diabetes if it's not too late. it's a disease of carbohydrate intolerance. get dr. bernstein's book the diabetes solution and read it. he's an engineer and a type 1 diabetic who became a doctor to learn and help others learn how to control their blood sugar. i've been able to get my blood sugar back to normal levels (my blood sugar rarely goes over 100 anymore) by following the advice in his book. it's not about not eating plants or animals. it's about eating to your meter and eliminating the things from your diet that cause your sugars to be abnormal. it's also about reversing insulin resistance through exercise. it's very basic common sense. thank you! anything by dr. neal barnard! he has clinical peer reviewed studies of how to reverse type 2! @***** thanks ..pray that i can resist sugar...i do good for awhile and then i have to have a cookie or two my suggestion to you is focus on eating a mostly whole foods plant based diet, the most plant based you can possibly do. it has been known to reverse many diseases, including type 2 diabetes. i dont mean to be blunt but, none of this seems to be new or different from what ive heard. of course carbs are not needed. guess what? its the cheapest food source. if everyone had 600 bucks a month to spend on protein and fats, then we wouldnt have an issue-but in reality, a large percentage of the population has less than 5 dollars a day for all their meals. you cannot get rid of carbs with that little money, period. +stephen otto\n\"fat is very risky for your health. \"\nsaid no clinical study ever. @amanda rixon nothing has changed. fat is very risky for your health. a very good talk, people should stop being so critical and try it, what we have been told in the past about avoiding fat is wrong. i just eat simply. rice, beans, corn, potatoes, fruits. the way many simple cultures have sustained themselves for thousands of years. it is simple, i understand it. i do eat high quality vegetables, but this is not a macro nutrition. the issue for me is the macro. so i changed my macros from carbs to fats, for the following....to unclog arteries, to slow down the aging process, to have stable energy, for manage weight, to save money on food, to be less hungry. win-win. horrible, absolutely horrible speech. your body it suppose to be able to sugar into cells, it's the fat that get in the way of that. a high-lipid diet decreases our ability to metabolize sugar, our bodies preferred fuel source. @lori letneryeah keep it simple. enjoy protein from all sources but also don't over do protein. in excess protein isn't beneficial, it's essential yes within limits. all non starchy vegetables are okay-- just limit and restrict yourself as much as possible to control those carbohydrates. they are what cause you to secrete to much insulin and this can trigger diabetes because it's normally high insulin that results in insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes. +lori letner and scott ethan the most important thing people can do is eat food that looks like food as close to its harvested place. i know people who claim to be vegetarians who live on pop and bread and sweets.......not the way to health. i prefer vegetable based proteins but not 100 percent. i love a great steak! @lori letner and this is true... carbohydrates are not essential because at some point in the absence of carbohydrate the body indeed creates sugar and ketones from fat stores... even a lean person carries enough body fat to enable ketosis and the creation of glucose to support all our body funtions. zero carbohydrates are needed if a single pound of fat exist on your body. +scott ethan what she said is there are no essential carbs....meaning your body can make them via gluconeogenisis. there are essential amino acids and essential oils. hmmm......look at at the inuits @janice giacosugar, in excess indeed does a body no good... excellent. the old guard will crucify her because 1) they have been recommending the wrong diet for 40 years and 2) they are paid to support that bad advice. what a quack. consuming fat causes insulin resistance. @allencrider lol. no it doesn't. @allencrider :d sounds a little derp to me, did you even listen to this talk? or are you a doctor and have evidence? :d @raw food slamming @allencrider so many animals eat fruit, especially primates nyttig og veldig god forklaring pa sammenhengen mellom karbohydrater og diabetes fra en fedme-lege. thank you, so well spoken and the truth.\namen. hopeless, unscientific and dangerous nonsense, but that is what you can expect from addicts.\nnever trust a fat doctor. thanks for sharing this important information. if only my doctor would listen and believe. i have done the lchf for six months and my triglycerides skyrocketed but i refused to go back on pravastain.\nblood sugars stay high all day even on 30gr carbs.\nmy liver keeps dumping glycose. fbs over 200 daily and then they stay high all day.\ni'm type 2 for 9 years. back on insulin and gained 30lbs last year.\nhelp. how can i turn off the liver from producing glucose?\ncurrent meds for type2 [metformin 1000x2, novolog @wjb722 iodine can also help with blood sugar as well as triglycerides, find a professional who can work with you using iodine. maybe dr. brownstein could help. @kathie fleming are you keeping your protein intake low also? find jimmy moore's videos, you may need to try keto to get control of blood sugar, etc. he had to keep lowering his protein intake. someone else who does keto here on youtube is stephanie person (or stephanie keto person). and here's a completely free website, no ads, no signup, with nutrient info - http://www.doctoryourself.com/diabetes.html\nit is important to work with your prescribing doctor before making changes. if he/she won't, find another doctor who will. they are supposed to work for you. this was a great chat, thanks. i'm just wondering what the 5 people who, so far, have voted this talk down, know what dr. hallberg has been so egregious in missing.\ni'd really like to know the science! sarah, it appears people below are hawking their own diabetes cures selling their snake oil, if there is a way to delete their posts please do so...\nalso, do you have a sample diet that you use in your clinic that you are able to share, i am a commercial pilot with type ii diabetes and am able to change my diet in a heart beat, thank you for your research and thank you for sharing :) wow... she's right about reducing carbohydrates, but still so ignorant. who the hell gave her doctorate? wish i could find someone like her in reno nv. will share this widely ... she hits the nail on the head! some of you need to read this stuff...... http://www.google.com/cse?cx=005233684413389937395%3ad5qfhqsz7oo&ie=utf-8&q=diabetes#gsc.tab=0&gsc.q=diabetes&gsc.page=1 i have watched many lectures pertaining to low carb diets, and dr. sarah hallberg's presentation by far summarizes the efficacy of low carb diets for weight and diabetes management better than most of the ones i have seen. great job! so, it's all about insulin response? let me ask a simple question. if you eat 4000 calories of pure fat, in excess of the body's need for (let's say) 2000 calories of energy in one day, will you store the excess 2000 calories as fat? @***** i don't have to prove anything to a nitwit. google inuit, ketosis, and genes, and you shall find the answer. @diane ezer well bill, you did not cite any sources to support your claims. but i can:\nhttp://chartsbin.com/view/1160\nhttp://knoema.com/atlas/japan/topics/food-security/diet-composition-macronutrients/dietary-energy-consumption-of-fats-percent\nhttp://knoema.com/atlas/japan/topics/food-security/diet-composition-macronutrients/dietary-consumption-of-carbohydrates-percent\namericans eat more calories than the japanese, and of that total, a larger share is fat.\nthe japanese are eating more, their carb consumption is falling, and they are getting sicker.\nepic fail.\n\"if carbs aren't the problem why do people who cut carbs get healthier?\"\ni presume you are referring to overweight westerners with bad lipid panels who adopt an lc diet and whose health improves. good for them. but this proves nothing. they are metabolically dysregulated people. cutting out the sweets, junk, etc., is an improvement.\nbut your basic point, that carbohydrates in and of themselves, are harmful, is a total, complete epic fail.\nlook at the data on the charts bin, and you'll see that the countries that have the (a) lowest caloric intake and (b) highest carb macronutrient %age, are skinny and metabolically healthy. \"japanese diet is also high in fat--fish fat\"\ncite your source. the japanese diet is not high in any kind of fat, but i'll give you a chance to back up your ludicrous assertion with some data.\nthe maasai and the inuit diets have been completey misrepresented by lchf propagandists. the former ate lots of carbs, the latter were eating marine mammals saturated with glycogen. the inuit also had a gene preventing their bodies from going into ketosis. if carbs aren't the problem why do people who cut carbs get healthier? i should also point out that the traditional japanese diet is also high in fat--fish fat--in fact it's the source of most of their calories. fish fat is very healthy and high in omega 3 fatty acids and vitamin so i would guess that would probably be the reason they tend to be healthier while also eating a fair amount of carbohydrate. i would also point out that there are many populations that eat a low carbohydrate diet that is high in fat that are also very healthy and have no obesity to speak of such as themaasai or the inuit peoples whose primary caloric supply is saturated fat and for those who eat the traditional diet don't suffer from diabetes, obesity or heart disease. @diane ezerwhat america do you live in? americans eat high carb diets, hidden sugar in everything and are fat because of it. they also get no micro nutrients because they eat no veggies but when they want to be healthy they'll eat tons of fruit and drink smoothies. so clearly fat is the issue at hand causing diabetes... just silly. this was a brilliant video. brilliant. grains are carbs.. simple.\ni have been minimizing carbs (and my family too) and the results are great! i don't get why grains are bad? chia? oats, etc why are they bad? such an honor to have shared the stage with you, susan. your discussion of the realities of the diet/disease&well-being link was so important to me. my father, a type ii diabetic listening from the sixth row, heard something that has already revolutionized the way he eats. i love you! these are my conclusions exactly about the state of diabetes treatment and the mainstream recommendations. seriously. you brought tears to my eyes. thank you! let's be realistic. few people can actually afford a low carb diet. healthy fats (which means, no sunflower oil, no hydrogenated oils, no grain-fed dairy and meat products) are costly. extensive breading, grass feeding of animals is costly. olive oil is costly. fish are costly because of limited natural availability compared to a huge demand.\ncivilisation as a social phenomenon is tightly linked to grain cultivation. wheat, rice, sweet potatoes, corn,(together with legumes, which are mainly of agricultural interest for soil nitrogen regeneration) are the staple foods of civilisations. carbs, grains and legumes, are the roots of modern civilisation. because it only takes minimal diet accomodation (mainly, a huge fiber intake) to support relatively healthy population anyway on it. with the primary benefit of allowing far greater population density (and thus, military power) than non-grain based diets.\ntl;dr : to many people eating good things means increased prices, soil affectation rotation, decreased average population density supported by acre of land, wich means population decline, and ultimately decreased population, decreased economic, political and military power.\nnutritionnal advices should really be adjusted for the purchase power of the individuals.\nwealthy ? => eat more grass-fed meat and dairy, oily fish, olive oil, less grain\npoor ? => continue mainly on cheap carb and legumes, but with as low a glycemic index as possible, and as much fibers as possible. don't consider a crop product as healthy in nature. it's not. that's why every culture has extensive knowledge about enhancement of the nutritionnal value of plants and grains foods, fermentation being the most widespread and powerful technique.\nanyway, for everybody, it should now be obvious that added sugar, and omega 6 rich oils, fiber deprivation, along with flavor manipulations (wich disrupts natural body self-regulation) and meat processing are the roots of modern obesity and cancer epidemics. much more than the carbohydrates intake by itself wich has been high for thousands of years in most civilized societies.\nn.b : i'm a french native speaker, please forgive eventual mistakes/weirdiness in this writing. mid-oleic and high-oleic sunflower oil aren't that bad -- need to check the label for low polyunsaturated and high monounsaturated fat, if the label shows both -- not all do. in the uk, beef tallow is cheap, though not here in the u.s. i agree that it does cost more to eat low-carb, but i've cut my own use of expensive insulin analogs almost in half, which helps. yes, the agriculture currently in place is geared to producing starch, sugar, soy, and low-grade oils cheaply, and that will not soon change. it would take a massive re-gearing of food production... much like the one that created the system we have now. @nicosm51 really? when you figure out how much you'll save on not having meds, you will be able to afford it. i guess the major caveat to o6 is that much of what is consumed isn't of such pristine quality. most people will get their o6 from added fats that are poor quality.\ni have read estimates that by the time they are consumed most pufas from seed oils are rancid and have been chemically treated to remove odor etc. so we would probably see much different effects of o6 intake when comparing results in and out of a highly controlled lab setting. it would enjoy scientific studies arguing that x ray workers get less cancer on a lifestyle adujested basis. they could have extra cancer morbidity but less heart disease and longer life through good pay and extra medical monitoring and other benefits.\ni'm glad you talked me about autophagy, a mechanism i knew nothing about. anyway, my point is still valid : results on an animal (worm) model, are just research pathway, not knowledge on human body.\nresearch on human body show autophagy is a double edge sword, involved both on promotion and suppresion of tumors.\nthus, not troubling the balance of this mechanism (through o6 overingestion) seams the most rational choice. a position supported by this other known fact that o6 overintake promotes a harmful, whole body, permanent inflammatory state. thank you, dr. sarah hallberg for throwing this into the public sphere.\ni'm a type 1 diabetic with blood sugar levels in the normal, healthy, non-diabetic range.\nafter being diagnosed 8 months ago aged 25, my hba1c was 12.5% (the 'healthy' range being 4%-5.9%) and i was already showing signs of nerve damage. i felt so ill after eating carbohydrates that i did my own research on a low carbohydrate diet and cut them. my last hba1c test was 5.4%.\nshe hit the nail on the head - 'stop using medicine to treat food. and for a disease whose root cause is carbohydrates - take away the carbs.' (type 1 diabetes may not be caused by carbohydrates, but cutting them can certainly give a diabetic a healthy life). @markiangooley if anything, i was only ever discouraged from eating low carb (from my one visit to the dietician), but it didn't sit well with me - just like the carbs in my stomach! when it comes to your own health you have to trust your body. @nate england thank you! before you cut the carbs down what foods had you been eating that had lots of carbs in them? how did you get so many carbs into your diet before your carb cutting? i am curious?. it took over 30 years on ada-style diets before i found out how to eat right. my board-certified endocrinologist was scandalized and told me i was endangering my health when my a1c dropped below 9 for the first time ever... it's now still above 6.5, but i'm still trying. you're very fortunate indeed. @tamsin thompson excellent a1c! way to go. good advice by dr hallberg, except one thing: she really advocates a ketogenic-type diet, rather than just low-carb (when she speaks of zero carb and that we don't need carbs at all). ketogenic diets are useful for some conditions (e.g. starving cancers, mental disorders etc), but not for the longer term cure of diseases like diabetes. in fact, there are cases shown diabetic people doing really well on keto for a few months, only getting sick again after the honeymoon was over (same goes for low-fat vegan diets too btw). some people (particularly females) don't do well on ketogenic diets: their thyroid starts acting up by releasing too much reverse t3 (mine included). truth of the matter is, women evolutionary need carbs for their future babies. some men, particularly from ancestry closer to the equator, also display such inability of doing well on keto for too long. now, i'm not advocating high-carb. far from it. we don't need as many carbs as the average westerner eats. i'd say that, depending on activity, a healthy amount of carbs to eat daily (net carbs, fiber excluded), it's between 80 and 150 grs (with ketogenic being between 0 and 50 gr). that's standard low-carb, and more balanced imho. so i think she should be more careful when she suggests a ketogenic diet for the long term (even if she never used that word explicitly), and i think she should be more precise on the amount of carbs she suggests (rather than saying \"we don't need any at all\"). a lot of these veggies are nutritious on their own right, for example. *small* amounts of potatoes and traditionally-prepared beans can be eaten too in my opinion -- at least after a stricter first 3 months, *after* healing has taken place. i, too, i'm against grains 100% though: poison. @dave leitz clinging to dogma happens too much on both sides of the fat argument :) @bill streeter\noh, i agree. high fat has helped me in many ways. nevertheless, biology is complicated. i am always interested in figuring out why some people do better on certain kinds of diets. i'm interested in science, so i look at the data and try to put the pieces together with an open mind.\nit's nonsense (non-science) to cling to some dogma and then look for \"evidence\" that proves some point. in that area, i often find the vegan propaganda to be nonsense. their premises are: 1) eating animals is a sin against health and the environment, 2) eating fat is bad because of heart disease and obesity. so, their conclusions support low fat plant foods, no matter what.\nnevertheless, there is evidence that a bland diet of cold potatoes with no added fat can lead to insulin sensitivity _in metabolically healthy people_. kitavans, a favorite example of vegan propagandists, never grew up on coca cola and domino's pizza, so i would expect them to be able to eat a high starch diet without experiencing obesity.\non the other hand, people of northern european descent like myself have been eating meat and dairy foods since before the agricultural revolution. the causes of health problems can't be the foods our ancestors adapted to long ago. @dave leitz even if an all potato and no fat diet worked to reverse diabetes (and the 20 potatoes a day experiment was hardly scientific) who would want to do that? besides we need fat in our diet. @gerard l that logic is so bizarrely flawed it doesn't even stand up to basic logic. if starch increased insulin sensitivity then there would be hardly any type 2 diabetics in the us since americans eat tons of starch--far too much. but we know that type 2 is on the rise. @gerard l\nthat is true. a diet of potatoes with zero added fat, for example, will increase insulin sensitivity. i surmise that a lack of fructose in such a diet also helps reduce hepatic insulin resistance. do a search on \"20 potatoes a day\" for more information.\nhowever, what is the science behind it?\nhttp://high-fat-nutrition.blogspot.com/2011/03/potatoes-and-weight-loss-1.html\nin the end, there is much debate about the mythical \"perfect diet for everyone,\" so i always say _do what works best for your body_. i get along quite well on a high fat diet, but i'm not going to be a religious nutcase about it. i guess i shouldn't be surprised that a medical doctor doesn't know what she's talking about when it comes to nutrition -- we all know they basically get no nutrition taught to them in school.\ncurrent research, doctor, shows that high levels of circulating free fatty acids (ffa) are actually what begin the process of insulin resistance --> diabetes. one can get high levels of ffa from, well, high-fat meals, as well as excess adiposity.\nhere are a few studies to get you started on learning the actual physiology:\n--ye, j. (2007). role of insulin in the pathogenesis of free fatty acid-induced insulin resistance in skeletal muscle. endocrine, metabolic & immune disorders-drug targets, 7(1), 65-74.\n--phillips, d., caddy, s., ilic, v., fielding, b., frayn, k., borthwick, a., & taylor, r. (1996). intramuscular triglyceride and muscle insulin sensitivity: evidence for a relationship in nondiabetic subjects. metabolism, 45(8), 947-950.\n--roden, m., price, t., perseghin, g., petersen, k., rothman, d., cline, g., & shulman, g. (1996). mechanism of free fatty acid-induced insulin resistance in humans. journal of clinical investigation, 97(12), 2859-2865.\n--pan, d., lillioja, s., kriketos, a., milner, m., baur, l., bogardus, c., . . . storlien, l. (1997). skeletal muscle triglyceride levels are inversely related to insulin action. diabetes, 46(6), 983-988.\n--roden, m., krssak, m., stingl, h., gruber, s., hofer, a., furnsinn, c., . . . waldhausl, w. (1999). rapid impairment of skeletal muscle glucose transport/phosphorylation by free fatty acids in humans. diabetes, 42(2), 358-364.\n--santomauro, a., boden, g., silva, m., rocha, d., santos, r., ursich, m., . . . wajchenberg, b. (1999). overnight lowering of free fatty acids with acipimox improves insulin resistance and glucose tolerance in obese diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. diabetes, 48(9), 1836-1841.\n--perseghin, g., scifo, p., cobelli, f., pagliato, e., battezzati, a., arcelloni, c., . . . luzi, l. (1999). intramyocellular triglyceride content is a determinant of in vivo insulin resistance in humans: a 1h-13c nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy assessment in offspring of type 2 diabetic parents. diabetes, 48(8), 1600-1606.\n--bachmann, o., dahl, d., brechtel, k., machann, j., haap, m., maier, t., . . . jacob, s. (2001). effects of intravenous and dietary lipid challenge on intramyocellular lipid content and the relation with insulin sensitivity in humans. diabetes, 50(11), 2579-2584.\n--pankow, j., duncan, b., schmidt, m., ballantyne, c., couper, d., hoogeveen, r., & golden, s. (2004). fasting plasma free fatty acids and risk of type 2 diabetes: the atherosclerosis risk in communities study. diabetes care, 27(1), 77-82.\n--taylor, r. (2008). pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes: tracing the reverse route from cure to cause. diabetologia, 51(10), 1781-1789.\nthen, you can look at the below studies where patients fed the most carbs actually improved insulin resistance and reversed diabetes. also obviously stopping medications. the trick is that the amount of fat has to be kept very low -- like 15% or less of calories. most research on \"low-fat diets\" are actually not low fat at all, keeping fat near 30% of calories. the below research is for the most part, actually low in fat and high in carbs. if carbs are so bad for blood sugar, you'd think eating the 70%+ of calories from carbs that these people eat would destroy these people. yet these are diabetics who are able to stop their medication, often in much shorter than one month.\n--barnard, r., jung, t., & inkeles, s. (1994). diet and exercise in the treatment of niddm: the need for early emphasis. diabetes care, 17(12), 1469-1472.\n--wang, c., adochio, r., leitner, j., abeyta, i., draznin, b., & cornier, m. (2013). acute effects of different diet compositions on skeletal muscle insulin signalling in obese individuals during caloric restriction. metabolism, 62(4), 595-603.\n--mcdougall, j., thomas, l., mcdougall, c., moloney, g., saul, b., finnell, j., . . . petersen, k. (2014). effects of 7 days on an ad libitum low-fat vegan diet: the mcdougall program cohort. nutrition journal, 13, 99-99.\n--brunzell, j., lerner, r., hazzard, w., porte, d., & bierman, e. (1971). improved glucose tolerance with high carbohydrate feeding in mild diabetes. new england journal of medicine, 284(10), 521-524.\n--stone, d., & connor, w. (1963). the prolonged effects of a low cholesterol, high carbohydrate diet upon the serum lipids in diabetic patients. diabetes, 12(2), 127-132.\n--kiehm, t., anderson, j., & ward, k. (1976). beneficial effects of a high carbohydrate, high fiber diet on hyperglycemic diabetic men. american journal of clinical nutrition, 29(8), 895-9.\n--barnard, r., massey, m., cherny, s., o'brien, l., & pritikin, n. (1983). long-term use of a high-complex-carbohydrate, high-fiber, low-fat diet and exercise in the treatment of niddm patients. diabetes care, 6(3), 268-273.\n--nicholson, a., sklar, m., barnard, n., gore, s., sullivan, r., & browning, s. (1999). toward improved management of niddm: a randomized, controlled, pilot intervention using a lowfat, vegetarian diet. preventive medicine, 29(2), 87-91.\n--mueller-cunningham, w., quintana, r., & kasim-karakas, s. (2003). an ad libitum, very low-fat diet results in weight loss and changes in nutrient intakes in postmenopausal women. journal of the american dietetic association, 103(12), 1600-1606.\n--hays, n. (2004). effects of an ad libitum low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet on body weight, body composition, and fat distribution in older men and women: a randomized controlled trial. archives of internal medicine, 164(2), 210-217.\nlaslty, go over to mindful diabetic, a youtube channel where a type i diabetic named robby posts what he eats daily (his diet could probably be called fruitarian) as well as the insulin units he takes. he was able to *decrease* the amount of insulin he takes switching over to a high carb, low fat diet and other type 1 diabetics who see his insulin units are astounded (i personally don't have much knowledge about what taking 10 units is like for a meal of 300+ grams of carbs, but other t1dm people seem to think it's insane).\nas an aside, i would love for her or someone who eats as high fat as she does to post their results from an oral glucose tolerance test. i'm sure her hba1c and fasting glucose stay low so long as she keeps her carbs so low, but she's insulin resistant. she just figured out a way to keep it from progressing to outright diabetes. @paragatelatte it works both ways, you know? how about you post your results of an oral fat tolerance test. you would fail for the same reasons a low carber might fail an oral glucose tolerance test. now, even my postprandial triglycerides are lower than my fasting trigs ever were before low carb.\nwhen i was on dr. mcdougall's starch solution, my fasting bg was low, yes but my postprandials would shoot up to 180, even over 200 at times. i gave myself two months to adapt, thinking it'd improve but after the first week, i saw no further improvement. mcdougall says that such excursions aren't dangerous but i don't believe it. non-diabetics with normal fasting blood glucose but high postprandial bg get nerve damage just like diabetics. @paragatelatte low carb diets have been consistently shown to produce the lowest measurement of trigs. there is a period of adaption if switch to hflc, but once that has occured, trigs go down quite quickly. take a look at chris garden's research, a lifetime vegand, which compared a variety of diets. though adherence was not particularly good for any diet. the lc group had the greatest improvements in metabolic factors independent of weight loss (though lc lost the most on average), the hclf approach ornish had the least effect on tgs and was the least effective overall.\nan interesting finding from this is that if you divide the people into insulin sensitive and insulin resistant, people in the latter tend to see much better benefits from hflc. whereas if you are insulin sensitive and overweight, lf works better. the problem is we have populations where the majority of people are at some level ir. @paragatelatte ...fat is only dysfunctional when excess carb is lighting your fuse. high carb with very low fat can be forced to work with ruthless restraint and discipline applied (yes, you need to be a veggy ideologue mainly)-pointless pursuitfor the average joe; a disgusting, unnecessaryand nutrient-lowdiet - beef it up with supplements to make it squeeze over the fence... @paragatelatte are you a vegan? what about high cholesterol and extremely high triglycerides with eating fat? also is there somewhere i can get a list of suggested foods to eat and not to eat? this info is good but vague. i need more help. @ann moberg this is a common question. i had high cholesterol when i started this and it's improved immensely--totally normal now, first time in years as a result of getting 60-70% of my calories from saturated fat. as it turns out (and the medical community is coming around on this) dietary cholesterol has little to do with blood serum cholesterol. your body makes cholesterol in response to inflammation. high fat low carb diets are anti inflammatory, so most people improve their triglyceride panels by switching to a lchf diet. @ann moberg there is a small amount of the population that might have an increase in cholesterol and triglycerides, but these are the exception and not the rule. there is no conclusive evidence to support the lipid hypothesis (hence why it's a hypothesis and not a theory).even the us is removing it's warning from consuming cholesterol, since there is no evidence to support that consuming it will raise your cholesterol. there is also no link between high cholesterol and heart diseases. i've been on a low carb high fat diet for 6 months, and my cholesterol levels are fantastic. check out reddit . com / r / keto for more information try these sites for free low carb high fat eating advice http://www.dietdoctor.com/lchf and http://www.lowcarbisland.com/ dr. hallberg - if you see this and can help me,, my contact is: terriavidreader at yahoo dot com i'd love to follow her guidelines and try this, however you cannot get more information and/or she isn't accepting new patients. i've been diabetic for years (over 25) and my medicines are increasing constantly including insulin and now on a fixed income and disabled it would be so very helpful to try and see if this worked for me. so very frustrating to not be able to get this help. +terri scott (terriavidreader)\njust to start: \"goodbye diabetes\" by dr wes youngberg, plus online seminars, plus a clinic. dryoungberg.org. you can do, and should do your own research. all the best. we could use a fat discussion. there are 2 illnesses involved, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. @*****ok, let's see the scientific studies proving that coconut oil and butter are healthy for humans. @terri scott terri please read actually a scientific site like nutritionfacts.org before doing what some random website says and compare the differences in information. @paige mcallisterdoes picking a carrot from the ground, washing, peeling it and grating it to put in a salad turn it into a processed food? my organic, unrefined (virgin, cold pressed) coconut oil is as processed as that. you're missing out, paige! 50 percent of the fat in coconut oil is the rare lauric acid, that our bodies turn into monolaurin, which has anti-viral, anti-bacterial, and anti-protozoa properties. breast milk has around 6% lauric acid -- more if the mother eats coconut oil.\nas for butter's health benefits, i suspect you're sold against it, and even a long list of wonderful benefits would not be convincing. really good, and so true outstanding and courageous! love this, sharing with anyone who will listen brilliant lecture sarah. i was diagnosed 2.5 years ago with type 1 diabetes. i also ignore the guidelines and use a lchf diet to assist management. hba1c in the low 5's for two years. insulin dose half the dose on higher carbohydrate diet. hypoglycaemic episodes massively reduced. exercise without fear of hypo's because i now burn fat for fuel. i had metabolic syndrome, and had become insulin resistant. cutting carbs helped me back to health. what about vegetables we need those don't we? @joanna hataier through years of carb abuse, i am now insulin resistant. so, a high carb diet is to die for, for me. as long as you can handle the carbs, fine. but high carb can also lead to t2dm as well as t3dm, commonly called alzheimer's disease. this is because for cells to use glucose, they have to respond to insulin, even the brain. in a high carb environment, the brain will use around 100 g/day.\nbut in a low carb environment, the brain can us 75% ketone and only require the other 25% to be glucose. further, the liver can construct glucose from protein if insufficient is consumed. there have been multiple reports (but no expensive studies yet) of altzeimer's being reversed (no cured) by low carb. ad is in my family, so i have to prepare for that.\notoh, i don't see much hope for treating t2dm with a hclf diet. it seems like a non-starter to me. @ross parlettei'm hclf vegan which is why i love cauliflower and know it's not low in carbs. i do not share your fear of carbs. i seek high carb vegan foods for energy. @***** fats are not stored in muscle cells. glucose is stored as glycogen, but not a lot can be stored. muscles can use fatty acids directly, but do not store them. most of us have an adequate supply of fat which can be released by the adipose tissue for muscular energy. that is called keto-adaptation. fatty acids can also be converted to ketone bodies by the liver. ketones (two of the three, anyway) can be used by both muscles and the brain. the brain does still require about 25% of its energy to come from glucose. it cannot use fatty acids, as they do not cross the blood brain barrier. the liver can convert protein to glucose if needed by the brain. @gerard l i suppose you can create your own words, but no one else will know what you mean.\ncarbohydrate comes from carbo - carbon and hydrate - water. carbohydrates consist of carbon and water, chemically joined. the primary categories of carbs are sugar, starch, and fiber, at least on food labels in the us. (starch is commonly omitted but along with sugar and fiber make up total carbohydrates on the label.) in europe and commonwealth countries, more common is the breakdown of fiber and net carbs, with the latter containing sugar and starch.\nperhaps you could use net carbs and that's generally recognized as what you're looking for in a word. ok, it's two words. true, true, true. watch this . . . it's very important for you , and your family . . . for all. simply outstanding. excellent presentation. well done dr. hallberg. a passionate message! thank you for such an articulate explanation of low-carbs. i'm totally convinced that low-carb is the way to go. i was 8 years old the first time i was obese and was on and off low-carb diets my whole life - clearly i have insulin resistance and thankfully never became diabetic. the diet can also reduce symptoms of mental illness - in my son's case, bipolar disorder. currently working on opening a shop serving only low-carb and sugar-free meals - like they used to!\nour indiegogo campaign is open for a few more hours: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/tambourine-low-carb-cafe-and-deli/x/9977026\ninterestingly, i think status quo is the biggest challenge that i'm up against, but i'm not going to stop!! i am a type 1 diagnosed at age 58. after hospital discharge in 2011, a friend/diabetic educator told me to ignore the american diabetes association recommendations or i would be fat first and deceased in less than 10-years. because of his advice and my dedication to monitoring the food i eat, my semi-annual ac1 is 5.3. i no longer have hunger pains, no longer experience food cravings, my insulin requirements are minimal. knowledge is power! @si beez i am wondering how this works on diabetes type 1. i had type 2 in my mind.\nas far as i know, type 1 don't produce insulin, type 2 produce excessive insulin and it doesn't work very well (insulin resistance).\ni thought since they don't produce insulin, they are given insulin. and some doctors say it's incurable. it's quite a different situation than type 2.\nalthough type 2 can develop symptoms like type 1 (the pancreas not producing anymore insulin) and they also get insulin at the time.\nor maybe you meaned you started from type 2 and developed type 1? h @oldflute so, you say that the ada diet advice is not criminal. let me give you an analogy. say several bolt manufacturers started making bolts made out of a new material. now, half of the metallurgists think that the new bolts are the best and the other half say the opposite. then an engineer specifies that the bolts be used to build a bridge and it fails because the bolts broke killing a hundred people. do you think the engineer and manufacturers would be sued? yes, of course they would.\nfortunately, for the ada, a bridge is not nearly as complicated as the human body. so, the ada can hide behind half done science. but, as dr. lustig, the anti-sugar guy says, he learned in his pre-med courses that carbs drive insulin that drives fat accumulation, but that then in medical school the low fat mantra beat it out of him. he was obviously sorry about that and is now dedicating a lot of time and energy to reverse that mistake for which i'm grateful. thanks for helping this get out. it might be now, you are right. the nhanes data looked at for the study was 10 years old. things are way worse now! china now (2017) has the largest overweight population in the world, with the help f mcdonalds, kfc and burgerking yes, she said american chinese food. i think she means americanized chinese food. @diane ezer i doubt very much if you could eat anywhere near 4000 calories of fat but if you did manage it i can assure you it would all come rushing out in a very short time.\ngoogle steatorrhea @sarah hallberg thanks for the fantastic talk! i've been lchf for 10 years and t1 for 50 years. i'm alive and not totally blind because of that change 10 years ago.\nbtw, i've been an avid reader and watcher of everything lchf since starting this way of eating. i think your talk is the most powerful and straight forward one i've seen on lchf. good job.\ngo boilermakers! 42% of coronaries caused by insulin resistance. i don't believe it. it's at least 75%", "likes": "163285", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "TEDx Talks", "chanenelID": "UCsT0YIqwnpJCM-mx7-gSA4Q", "subscribers": "35800000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 1092.0, "keyword": "Type 2 diabetes", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.1723454968864278}
{"id": "4SZGM_E5cLI", "title": "What Is Type 2 Diabetes? | 2 Minute Guide | Diabetes UK", "views": "312203", "date_published": "2018-04-10", "description": "Around 4.2 million people are predicted to be living with type 2 diabetes in the UK, and an estimated 12.3 million people are at risk of type 2 diabetes. But lots of people still don't know what the condition is.   Type 2 diabetes is a serious, lifelong condition where the insulin your pancreas makes can't work properly, or your pancreas can\u2019t make enough insulin. The symptoms of type 2 diabetes include feeling very tired, needing to wee a lot, feeling extremely thirsty, cuts and grazes healing slowly and getting infections like thrush.  If you\u2019ve got any of these symptoms, see a doctor as soon as possible. For more information about type 2 diabetes check out our dedicated page: https://www.diabetes.org.uk/type-2-diabetes   ------------------------------------------------------  We are Diabetes UK. Our vision is a world where diabetes can do no harm.  We're leading the fight against the UK's biggest and growing health crisis. And it's a fight that involves us all \u2013 sharing knowledge and taking on diabetes together.  Visit our site for support and advice: https://diabetes.org.uk/", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Diabetes UK", "chanenelID": "UCXFFcYoTl244oguj2NAisiw", "subscribers": "53900"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 156.0, "keyword": "Type 2 diabetes", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.17960530202677488}
{"id": "7bOr7Ux-_vY", "title": "Cooking Show PPG (How to cook Gorse)", "views": "504411", "date_published": "2021-05-22", "description": "Saloon Playground - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRz3Ua-GqR9hnpGZ52k6-5A   My Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/p/COAs6SXBglr/?igshid=hp2sf5uwscl2 Subscribe please :D My Discord Server - https://discord.gg/qgWJfZecPK My second channel -  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChcAJAZewx-n4Ob2gAhkcMA?view_as=subscriber", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Santinnel", "chanenelID": "UCQOVOx1Av0N2EDRItT6qxCA", "subscribers": "858000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 173.0, "keyword": "PPG", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "9v8xdzv1vNc", "title": "Buttercup's Righteous Mullet | The Powerpuff Girls |  Cartoon Network", "views": "49762522", "date_published": "2018-04-02", "description": "Buttercup's mullet is really bugging her sisters. In more ways than one!  Episode title: Sugar, Spice, and Super Lice  CN GAMES: http://cartn.co/ytgames SUBSCRIBE: http://cartn.co/subscribe WATCH MORE: http://cartn.co/moreppg  About The Powerpuff Girls: Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup, the original arbiters of girl power, are back on Cartoon Network! The Powerpuff Girls, the beloved global phenomenon, about three girls juggling school and saving the world before bedtime.  Visit The Powerpuff Girls online: http://cartn.co/ppgwebsite Create your own Powerpuff Girls Avatar: http://cartn.co/ppgavatar Like The Powerpuff Girls on FACEBOOK: http://cartn.co/ppgfacebook Follow The Powerpuff Girls on INSTAGRAM: http://cartn.co/ppginsta  About Cartoon Network: Welcome to Cartoon Network's YouTube Channel, your destination for episode clips, behind the scenes footage, how to draw tutorials, toy videos, and more!  Cartoon Network is home to your favorite shows and characters including Teen Titans Go!, Ben 10, Steven Universe, The Amazing World of Gumball, OK K.O.!, and much more! Want full episodes? Go to the CN APP where you can find new unlocked episodes updated every week!  Connect with Cartoon Network Online: Visit Cartoon Network WEBSITE: http://cartn.co/cnwebsite Follow Cartoon network on INSTAGRAM:  http://cartn.co/instagram Like Cartoon Network on FACEBOOK: http://cartn.co/facebook Follow Cartoon Network on TWITTER: http://cartn.co/twitter   http://www.youtube.com/user/CartoonNetwork", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Cartoon Network", "chanenelID": "UCMsgXPD3wzzt8RxHJmXH7hQ", "subscribers": "10700000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 183.0, "keyword": "PPG", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "xqYa9T6dyYs", "title": "Ppg vs rrb + kiss \ud83d\ude00", "views": "27840084", "date_published": "2018-06-28", "description": "", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Lou PPG Love", "chanenelID": "UC1JF3c8nzld8ovTa1EmZ2Pw", "subscribers": "94000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 162.0, "keyword": "PPG", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": "NA"}
{"id": "bIhy-Rb2xp4", "title": "Diabetes symptoms | Signs of all types of diabetes | Diabetes UK", "views": "562764", "date_published": "2021-01-19", "description": "What are the symptoms of diabetes? With one in 15 of us now living with condition in the UK, it\u2019s more important than ever to know the signs and symptoms to look out for.  We hope you enjoy this short animation to raise awareness and get more people talking about the signs and symptoms of type 1 and type 2 diabetes.  Common symptoms of diabetes include:  - Going to the toilet a lot, especially at night. - Being really thirsty. - Feeling more tired than usual. - Losing weight without trying to. - Genital itching or thrush. - Cuts and wounds take longer to heal. - Blurred eyesight.  For more information, go to our website: https://www.diabetes.org.uk/diabetes-the-basics/diabetes-symptoms   ------------------------------------------------------  We are Diabetes UK. Our vision is a world where diabetes can do no harm.  We're leading the fight against the UK's biggest and growing health crisis. And it's a fight that involves us all \u2013 sharing knowledge and taking on diabetes together.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Diabetes UK", "chanenelID": "UCXFFcYoTl244oguj2NAisiw", "subscribers": "53900"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 117.0, "keyword": "diabetes symptoms", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.15075567228888181}
{"id": "gGLofmo7q2E", "title": "Type 2 Diabetes Signs & Symptoms (& Why They Occur) & Associated Conditions", "views": "799058", "date_published": "2021-07-08", "description": "Type 2 Diabetes Signs & Symptoms (& Why They Occur)  Type 2 diabetes is a condition involving impaired glucose regulation, which is caused by impaired insulin sensitivity, decreased glucose tolerance and increased glucose levels. Increased glucose levels can cause a variety of signs and symptoms as it affects multiple organ systems. In this lesson, we discuss all of these signs and symptoms, including associated conditions, and why they occur in Type 2 Diabetes.  I hope you find this lesson helpful. If you do, please like and subscribe for more lessons like this one!  JJ  **MEDICAL LEGAL DISCLAIMER**: JJ Medicine does not provide medical advice, and the information available on this channel does not offer a diagnosis or advice regarding treatment. Information presented in these lessons is for educational purposes ONLY, and information presented here is not to be used as an alternative to a healthcare professional\u2019s diagnosis and treatment of any person/animal. Only a physician or other licensed healthcare professional are able to determine the requirement for medical assistance to be given to a patient. Please seek the advice of your physician or other licensed healthcare provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition.   *AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER: This YouTube Channel uses affiliate links and may earn a commission from associated sales.   *IMAGE DISCLAIMER: The content (ex. images) used in this lesson are used in accordance with Fair Use laws and are intended for educational/teaching purposes only*  *Subscribe for more free medical lessons* https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA?sub_confirmation=1", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "JJ Medicine", "chanenelID": "UCFPvnkCZbHfBvV8ApBBE0vA", "subscribers": "621000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 740.0, "keyword": "diabetes symptoms", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.12803687993289598}
{"id": "BftwyUs58JU", "title": "Type 2 diabetes symptoms in men and women | early diabetes signs", "views": "338874", "date_published": "2015-03-04", "description": "Type 2 diabetes symptoms in men and women early diabetes signs. Diabetes symptoms for  type 2 include excessive thrust and hunger with frequent urination. To know more about pre diabetes symptoms watch the video lecture. This video explains common signs and symptoms of type 2 diabetes. It is very common to have one or more of the discussed diabetes signs and symptoms. Early diabetes symptoms include increased thirst, frequent urination, blurred vision and many more. It is also common to not experience any early diabetes symptoms at all. A large number of people never experience any diabetes symptoms of type 2 diabetes before and they are shocked when they are diagnosed with type 2 diabetes during a blood glucose test. For more information, log on to- http://www.shomusbiology.com/ Get Shomu's Biology DVD set here- http://www.shomusbiology.com/dvd-store/ Download the study materials here- http://shomusbiology.com/bio-materials.html Remember Shomu\u2019s Biology is created to spread the knowledge of life science and biology by sharing all this free biology lectures video and animation presented by Suman Bhattacharjee in YouTube. All these tutorials are brought to you for free. Please subscribe to our channel so that we can grow together. You can check for any of the following services from Shomu\u2019s Biology- Buy Shomu\u2019s Biology lecture DVD set- www.shomusbiology.com/dvd-store Shomu\u2019s Biology assignment services \u2013 www.shomusbiology.com/assignment -help Join Online coaching for CSIR NET exam \u2013 www.shomusbiology.com/net-coaching  We are social. Find us on different sites here- Our Website \u2013 www.shomusbiology.com Facebook page- https://www.facebook.com/ShomusBiology/ Twitter - https://twitter.com/shomusbiology SlideShare- www.slideshare.net/shomusbiology Google plus- https://plus.google.com/113648584982732129198 LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/suman-bhattacharjee-2a051661 Youtube- https://www.youtube.com/user/TheFunsuman Thank you for watching", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Shomu's Biology", "chanenelID": "UCEPMCywJ6FPZpQ_aPEZt5JA", "subscribers": "1660000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 231.0, "keyword": "diabetes symptoms", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.1208244186660354}
{"id": "C3AQIfgthh4", "title": "What Is Type 1 Diabetes? | 2 Minute Guide | Diabetes UK", "views": "342566", "date_published": "2018-04-10", "description": "Type 1 diabetes affects 10% of people with diabetes in the UK. It is a serious, lifelong condition where your blood glucose level is too high because your body can't make a hormone called insulin.  The symptoms of type 1 diabetes include feeling very tired, needing to wee a lot, feeling extremely thirsty and losing weight. These symptoms can come on very quickly, so if you have any of these symptoms see a doctor as soon as possible.   For more information about type 1 diabetes go to our website: https://www.diabetes.org.uk/type-1-diabetes   ------------------------------------------------------  We are Diabetes UK. Our vision is a world where diabetes can do no harm.  We're leading the fight against the UK's biggest and growing health crisis. And it's a fight that involves us all \u2013 sharing knowledge and taking on diabetes together.  Visit our site for support and advice: https://www.diabetes.org.uk/", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Diabetes UK", "chanenelID": "UCXFFcYoTl244oguj2NAisiw", "subscribers": "53900"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 148.0, "keyword": "Type 1 diabetes", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.19364916731037085}
{"id": "OOhseL9jGDo", "title": "Type 1 Diabetes", "views": "193235", "date_published": "2022-03-15", "description": "Employees of Hospitals, Schools, Universities and Libraries may download FREE medical animations from Nucleus by signing up for a free trial: http://nmal.nucleusmedicalmedia.com/free-trial-membership-a  #Type1Diabetes  #insulin  #BloodSugar  MEDICAL ANIMATION TRANSCRIPT: You or someone may have been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. This video will help you understand what it is and why it's important to keep it under control. Type 1 diabetes is a condition where your pancreas makes little or no insulin. Insulin is a chemical your body needs to keep your blood sugar at a normal level. Carbohydrates are substances your body uses to make energy. After you eat food that contains carbohydrates, it eventually goes to your small intestine. In your small intestine, the food is broken down into single sugar molecules called glucose. The cells in your small intestine soak up the sugars, which pass into your bloodstream. When the blood reaches your pancreas, it detects the high amount of sugar in your blood. Normally, this causes your pancreas to put a chemical called insulin into your bloodstream. The insulin reduces the amount of sugar in your blood to a healthy level. How does insulin do this? As the blood moves through your body, the insulin and sugar exit the bloodstream into your tissues to reach your cells. Most cells have structures on their surfaces called insulin receptors. When insulin flows by, it attaches to the receptor. The insulin acts like a key in a lock to open up the cell so the sugar can get inside. Now your cell can use the sugar to make the energy it needs to work properly, and your blood sugar level drops back to its normal range. If you have type 1 diabetes, your pancreas loses its ability to make enough or any insulin. This can result in high blood sugar levels and other complications. In type 1 diabetes, your immune system attacks some cells in your pancreas by mistake. As a result, your pancreas makes little or no insulin. Without insulin, sugar cannot get into your cells. Without sugar, your cells don't have energy. And since the sugar is locked out of your cells, it builds up to a high level in your bloodstream. This is a condition called hyperglycemia, which can lead to serious complications. If you have questions about type 1 diabetes or any medications you have been prescribed, speak with your doctor. It is important to take your medications as directed by your doctor. Tell him or her about any side effects you have.  ANH16174", "tags": ["animation", "nucleus medical media", "patient education", "patient engagement", "3D", "animated", "a1c", "blood", "sugar", "bloodstream", "carbohydrates", "complications", "condition", "diabetes", "endocrine", "system", "glucose", "high", "hyperglycemia", "hypoglycemia", "immune", "insulin", "low", "metabolic", "metabolism", "pancreas", "receptor", "small", "intestine", "type", "type1", "understanding"], "comments": "does diabetes make you pee a lot? which software had been used to make this animated video? from bangladesh.... : is it can be genetically? nucleus medical media !...can you please do harmons and their functions..video..... how does water absorb in body. make an video on it kind request: if possible please upload a video on lymphatic system 2 so nice to hear that atleast something is working for me insulina? sir eamcet exam ki a material prepare avvali chappadi pls sir do one about leprosy hyperglycemia\nhyper means high\nglyc means sweet , here ' glucose '\nemia means presence in blood cell is the energy consumer of mitochondria hii dear very beautiful voice can you make videos explaining tonsil cancer. i'm at risk of getting this could you add russian subtitles? please do make a video on parkinson's disease! your are nice hi mam, love form odisha this chanel deserve 8 ballon d'or i'm 24 years old and i have just discovered in december 2021 that i have it . at first it was frustrating but now i have it under control. @ahmed ob. there ain't no recovery. unless you're talking about the mental part well that took me about 6 months but i was 10 at the time wishing you a good strength t @ahmed ob. thank you 2:22 your immune system attack some cells in pancreas by mistake.\nhow did you know that it's by mistake? did you ask the immune system?? excelente video!! pro palyer wow amazingly i am now cured completely from diabetes help me thank doctor alued on youtube for curing me with his medication wow amazingly i am now cured completely from diabetes help me thank doctor alued on youtube for curing me with his medication thank you for sharing hac karbonhidrat nere midede kimyasal sindirime ugruyor yav i had a test today for this and i mixed up type 1 with type 2. i'm so mad now i 2nd guessed myself nice to see you agian, admin awesome visualisation please explain fungal infection (allergy) good job make type 2 too please does pancreas transplant possible? i have mostly suger and i will feel very thirsty please sir tell me treatment consult to dr. don't write on screen video did not appear i never missed your any video because they are very informative. i have it and this is very useful information may god heal all our diseases! highly informative. thank you lysosome is the suisidal bag of cell type 1 diabetes mellitus is essentially an autoimmune disorder. thank you for sharing these videos nucleus medical media! kudos to all researchers and scientists in every field that helps humanity live longer. as a nephrologist, i have seen patients mostly for kidney related issues and hypertension. i give primary care also to some of my patients in dialysis, and this is pretty rare disease that i have never experienced, i have many patients who have diabetes, and are prediabetic, and type 2. me and their primary care doctors, work together to manage both diseases together. thank you nucleus health media for demonstrating, this is beneficial information. pl ol p pp asif dr plz make one video for twins baby in uterus mitochondria is the power house of the cell @music mashup adenosine triphosphate , energy currency of the cell its the power of gaming fuvm hou thank u brdr for telling such a amazing line @music mashup adenosine triphosphate @music mashup i'm from spain, and i'm preparing myself (last year of bachiller) for entering the medical university. we have to do an entrance exam nice content i have a friend who suffers from this at a very young age, it is very sad to me that children have to take shots like this everyday to manage the glucose in their bodies, love and prayers to those who suffer from this disease. they don't always have to have injections, there's a alternative called a \"pump\" (i'm also type 1 so i appreciate your sympathy very passionate about biology hii omg first @snowman ye nah... first comment no", "likes": "4517", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Nucleus Medical Media", "chanenelID": "UC85VW73bQLEjs_taFKP7TwQ", "subscribers": "5860000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 203.0, "keyword": "Type 1 diabetes", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.1414213562373095}
{"id": "l5_y2QRKvMM", "title": "Type 1 diabetes (autoimmune diabetes) | cause and consequences", "views": "36713", "date_published": "2020-09-01", "description": "A chronic condition in which the pancreas produces little or no insulin. It typically appears in adolescence. Symptoms include increased thirst, frequent urination, hunger, fatigue and blurred vision. Treatment aims at maintaining normal blood sugar levels through regular monitoring, insulin therapy, diet and exercise.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Animated biology With arpan", "chanenelID": "UClpeLlEHyJOcPQPxXUwwomA", "subscribers": "117000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 477.0, "keyword": "Type 1 diabetes", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "e0XN_hjfQiA", "title": "What is hypoglycemia? - DiaBiteSize", "views": "142853", "date_published": "2018-08-02", "description": "Managing diabetes, and its associated problems, can be challenging for the more than 3 million Canadians who live with the disease.  A research team at Toronto's St. Michael's Hospital created this short, animated video to help Canadians understand and take control of their diabetes management. The video takes a look at hypoglycemia for people with insulin-treated diabetes and it is the second in a series of educational videos about diabetes. Click here to watch the first video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwBzGfKY_gE  Please share and help this reach all Canadians. #KnowledgeIsPower", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "St. Michael's Hospital", "chanenelID": "UCXyfbvQ6wgYWg6WXCaxY1gA", "subscribers": "12100"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 251.0, "keyword": "hypoglycemia", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.1386750490563073}
{"id": "8UVyZKpPto4", "title": "Hypoglycemia - What is Hypoglycemia, Symptoms, Treatment", "views": "81984", "date_published": "2011-03-17", "description": "Video guide to hypoglycemia - how to spot hypoglycemia, what it means to have a hypo and recognising the symptoms of hypoglycemia. Sue Marshall discusses the ups and downs of hypoglycemia - which is when blood sugar levels fall under 4 mmol/L.\r \r For more information about hypos, have a look at: \r \r - Hypoglycemia: http://www.diabetes.co.uk/Diabetes-and-Hypoglycaemia.html\r - What is a hypo: http://www.diabetes.co.uk/what-is-a-hypo.html", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Diabetes.co.uk", "chanenelID": "UC2VN8hvfI8GcLjNvhVLWV4w", "subscribers": "36400"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 309.0, "keyword": "hypoglycemia", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.17677669529663687}
{"id": "VZBGZ7YT-vY", "title": "Understanding Hypoglycemia", "views": "38238", "date_published": "2017-08-23", "description": "Learn more about the symptoms and treatment of hypoglycemia at www.hormone.org.  Hypoglycemia is a term for low blood glucose (sugar). Hypoglycemia has many causes, and is most often associated with taking insulin injections and other diabetes medications. Severe hypoglycemia can be dangerous and should be treated promptly.", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Hormone Health Network", "chanenelID": "UCKQD-cc5ytcg3mAY6GRTiAQ", "subscribers": "6610"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 142.0, "keyword": "hypoglycemia", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.1889822365046136}
{"id": "T09oiyoy6ek", "title": "Gestational Diabetes - Overview, signs and symptoms, pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment", "views": "498904", "date_published": "2017-02-26", "description": "Support me:  \ud83d\uddbc\ufe0f Buy PDFs: http://armandoh.org/shop  \ud83d\udcb5 Patreon: http://www.patreon.com/armando \ud83d\udc55 Buy shirts: https://teespring.com/stores/ah-7  Social media:  \ud83d\udcf7 Instagram: http://instagram.com/armandohasudungan \ud83d\udc26 Twitter: https://twitter.com/armandohasudung \ud83d\udcd4 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ArmandoHasudungan  Resources: \ud83d\udcd5 Books: http://armandoh.org/resource \ud83c\udf9e\ufe0f Equipment: armandoh.org/armando-faigl  You can send me mail: \ud83d\udceb PO BOX 166, Randwick NSW 2031, Australia", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Armando Hasudungan", "chanenelID": "UCesNt4_Z-Pm41RzpAClfVcg", "subscribers": "2160000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 751.0, "keyword": "Gestational diabetes", "rank": 1, "consine similarity": 0.0}
{"id": "mYvOwipZKXI", "title": "Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (Pregnancy) Nursing Care, Symptoms for Maternity Nursing", "views": "241297", "date_published": "2020-02-06", "description": "Gestational diabetes mellitus review on nursing care, symptoms, and pathophysiology.  Gestational diabetes is a form of diabetes that occurs during the 2nd to 3rd trimester of pregnancy. It tends to disappear after pregnancy. However, many women will go on to develop Type 2 diabetes later one.  Gestational diabetes development during to low insulin sensitivity that occurs during later pregnancy. This is majorly influenced by pregnancy hormones such as human placental lactogen etc.  Symptoms of gestational diabetes are similar to hyperglycemia: increased hunger, thirst, urination, glucose in the urine, fruity breath, etc.   For more detailed information on nursing care, risk factors and patho, please watch the video.   #gestationaldiabetes #maternitynursing #diabetespregnancy  Quiz: https://www.registerednursern.com/gestational-diabetes-nclex-questions/ Notes: https://www.registerednursern.com/gestational-diabetes-mellitus-maternity-review/ More Maternity Reviews: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQrdx7rRsKfXiZ3a-IbRaUJXMa8mXyuOL Check out our Super Cool Gear: https://teespring.com/stores/registerednursern Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RegisteredNurseRNs Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/registerednursern_com/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/NursesRN    Popular Playlists:  NCLEX Reviews: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQrdx7rRsKfWtwCDmLHyX2UeHofCIcgo0 Fluid & Electrolytes: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQrdx7rRsKfWJSZ9pL8L3Q1dzdlxUzeKv Nursing Skills: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQrdx7rRsKfUhd_qQYEbp0Eab3uUKhgKb", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "RegisteredNurseRN", "chanenelID": "UCPyMN8DzkFl2__xnTEiGZ1w", "subscribers": "2050000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 1115.0, "keyword": "Gestational diabetes", "rank": 2, "consine similarity": 0.1421338109037403}
{"id": "HyKyfNkoBOo", "title": "Gestational Diabetes", "views": "34447", "date_published": "2021-06-28", "description": "Support me:  \ud83d\uddbc\ufe0f Buy PDFs: http://armandoh.org/shop  \ud83d\udcb5 Patreon: http://www.patreon.com/armando \ud83d\udc55 Buy shirts: https://teespring.com/stores/ah-7  Social media:  \ud83d\udcf7 Instagram: http://instagram.com/armandohasudungan \ud83d\udc26 Twitter: https://twitter.com/armandohasudung \ud83d\udcd4 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ArmandoHasudungan  Resources: \ud83d\udcd5 Books: http://armandoh.org/resource \ud83c\udf9e\ufe0f Equipment: armandoh.org/armando-faigl  You can send me mail: \ud83d\udceb PO BOX 166, Randwick NSW 2031, Australia", "tags": "", "comments": "", "likes": "NA", "default_language": "en", "channel": {"name": "Armando Hasudungan", "chanenelID": "UCesNt4_Z-Pm41RzpAClfVcg", "subscribers": "2160000"}, "accreditationTag": 0, "duration": 296.0, "keyword": "Gestational diabetes", "rank": 3, "consine similarity": 0.0}
